EX-10.1 2 a364dayagmt.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 Exhibit 
                                                                                            Exhibit 10.1 




                                        THE BOEING   COMPANY 
                                              364-DAY 
                                        CREDIT AGREEMENT 

                                                 among 

                                        THE BOEING   COMPANY 
                                 for itself and on behalf of its Subsidiarles, 
                                             as a Borrower 

                                    THE  LENDERS   PARTY  HERETO 

                                            CITIBANK,  N.A., 
                                         as Admínistrative Agent 

                                        WMORGAN   CHASE BANK,  N.A. 
                                          as Syndícation Agent 

                                                  and 

                                   CITIGROUP    GLOBAL MARKETS    INC. 
                                                  and 
                                        MORGAN    SECURITIES   LLC, 
                              as Joint Leed Arrangers and Joint Book Managers 
                                      dated as of November 4, 2015 

                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS 


Article and Section Page 


  ARTICLE 1    DEFINITIONS 

       1.1       Definkions                                                             1 
       1.2       Use of Defined Terms; Referentes                                        10 
       1.3       Accounting  Terms                                                       10 

  ARTICLE 2 AMOUNTS      AND TERMS  OF   THE  ADVANCES 

       2.1       Committed   Advances                                                    10 
       2.2       Making  Committed  Advances                                             10 
       2.3       Conversion  to Terna Loans, Repayment                                   11 
       2.4       lnterest Rate on Committed Advances                                     12 
       2.5       Bid  Advances                                                           13 
       2.6       Lender  Assignment or Sale of Bid Advances ...... _______ ........... ....... 16 
       2.7       Fees                                                                    16 
       2.8       Reduction  of the Commitments .m                                        16 
       2.9       Addltional  Interest on Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances  ......      17 
       2.10      Eurodollar  Interest Rate Determination                                 17 
       2.11      Voluntary  Conversion of Committed Advances ...............U..........._................18 
       2.12      Prepayments      ............. ............ ...... ......... ........ ______. 18 
       2.13      Increases in Costs    .... _______._____________     ...........        19 
       2.14      Taxes                                                                   20 
       2.15      filegality                                                              22 
       2.16      Payments   and Computations .                                           23 
       2.17      Sharing of Payments, Etc                                                24 
       2.18      Evidence of Debt                                                        24 
       2.19      Alteration of Commitments  and Addítion of Lenders   .......     ...... 26 
       2.20      Assignments; Sales of Participations and Other Interests in Advances _  26 
       2.21      Extension  of Terinination Date                                         29 
       2.22      Subsidiary  Borrowers                                                   30 
       2.23      Defaulting Lenders                                                      32 

  ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS      AND   WARRANTIES 

       3.1       Representations and Warranties by the Borrowers                         33 

  ARTICLE 4 COVENANTS     OF TBC 

       4.1       Affirmative Covenants of TBC                                           35 
       4.2       General Negative Covenants of TBC                                       36 
       4.3       Financial Statement Tercos                                              38 
       4.4       Waivers of Covenants                                                    38 

ARTICLE 5 CONDITIONS    PRECEDENT     TO  BORROWINGS 

     5.1        Conditions Precedent to the ¡nidal Borrowing of TBC                   38 
     5.2        Conditions Precedent to Each Committed Borrowing of  TBC              39 
     5.3        Conditions Precedent to Each Bid Borrowing of TBC                     39 
     5.4        Conditions Precedent to the 'nidal Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower . 40 
     5.5        Conditions Precedent to Each Committed Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower 
                                                                44 
     5.6        Conditions Precedent to Each Bid Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower ... 41 

ARTICLE 6 EVENTS    OF DEFAULT 

     6.1        Events of Default                                                     42 
     6.2        Lenders' Rights upon Borrower Default _                               42 

ARTICLE 7 THE  AGENT 

     7.1        Appointment and Authority                                             43 
     7.2        Rights as a Lender                                                    44 
     7.3        Exculpatory Provisions .                                              44 
     7.4        Reliance by Agent .                                                   45 
     7.5        Indemnification                                                       45 
     7.6        Resignation of Agent                                                  45 
     7.7        Delegation of Dudes                                                   46 
     7.8        Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders                               46 
     7.9        No Other Dudes, etc                                                   46 

ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS 

     8.1        Modification, Consents and Waivers                                    47 
     8.2        Notices                                                                48 
     8.3        Costs, Expenses and Tases                                             49 
     8.4        Binding Effect                                                        49 
     8.5        Severability                                                          50 
     8.6        Governing Law                                                         50 
     8.7        Headings                                                               50 
     8.8        Execution in Counterparts                                             50 
     8.9        Right of Set-Off                                                      50 
     8.10       Confidentiality                                                       50 
     8.11       Agreement in Effect                                                   Si 
     8.12       Patriot Act Notice                                                    51 
     8.13       Jurisdiction,Etc                                                      51 
     8.14       No Fiduciary Duty                                                     51 
     8.15       Waiver of Jury Tala!                                                  52 


                                            ii 

Exhibit A-1    - Committed    Note 
Exhibit A-2    - Bid  Note 
Exhibit B-1    - Notice of Comrnitted Borrowing 
Exhibit B-2    - Notice of Bid Borrowing 
Exhibit C  -   Request  for Alteration 
Exhibit D  -   Borrower Subsidiary Letter 
Exhibit E  -   Extension   Request 
Exhibit F      Continuation Notice 
Exhibit G  -   Opinion  of Counsel of the Company 
Exhibit H  -   Opinion  of Counsel for Agent 
Exhibit I -    Opinion of in-house counsel to Subsidiary Borrower 
Exhibit J  -   Guaranty of TBC 
Exhibit K  -   Opinion  of Counsel to TBC 
Schedule  I -    Commitrnents 
Schedule  U  -    Agent Contact Details 


                                            iii 

                                            CREDIT AGREEMENT 

                                        Dated  as of November 4, 2015 

THE  BOEING   COMPANY,     a Delaware corporation (" TBC  " or the " Company   "), for itself and on behalf of the 
other     BORROWERS (as defined below), the LENDERS (as defined below),   CITIGROUP GLOBAL   MARKETS     INC. 
and J.P. MORGAN      SECURITIES LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers, JPMORGAN    CHASE  BANK 
, N.A., as syndication agent, and CITIBANK, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such 
capacity, the " Agent "), agree as follows: 

                                                  ARTICLE 1 


                                                  Definitions 

1.1  Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terma have the respective meanings set out below: 

" 2011 Credit Agreement  " means the 364-Day Credit  Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2011, as amended, by 
and among TBC,  Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain other banks as tendera. 

" Administrative  Questionnaire " means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent. 

" Advance " means a Conunitted Advance or a Bid Advance. 

" Agent " means  Citibank, N.A. acting in íts capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, or any successor 
administrative agent appointed pursuant to Section 7.6. 

" Agent's Account " means the account of the Agent maintained by the Agent with Citibank, N.A., at its office at 388 
Greenwich  Street, New York, New   York 10013,  Account 36852248,   Attention: Agency/Mediurn  Terco Finance, 
Reference: Boeing. 

" Affiliate " means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under 
common   control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. (For purposes of this definition, the terco " 
controls", "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common control with" mean, with respect to a Person, the 
possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Stock of such Person or to direct or cause 
the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by 
contract, or otherwise.) 

" Agreement " mesas this agreement, as it may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, and any written 
additions or supplements hereto. 

" Anti-Corruption  Laws " means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and other similar laws, 
rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to TBC or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or 
relating to bribery or corruption. 

" Applicable Lending Office  " means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestíc Lending Office, in the 
case of a Base Rate Advance, and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, 
and, in the case of a Bid Advance, the office of such Lender specified by such Lender in a notice to the Agent as its 
Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Bid Advance. 


                                                1 

" Applicable Margin "means, 

(i) with respect to Base Rate Advances on any date, 0% per annum; and 

(ii)  with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances (a) for any date prior to the exercise of the Term Loan Conversion 
Option, 0.835% per annum  and (b) for any date on and alter the exercise of the Term Loan Conversion Option, 1.00% 
per annum. 

" Applicabie Percentage " means  0.04% per annum. 

" Available   Commitments " means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders, 
as such amount may be reduced, changed or terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, reduced by (b) 
the aggregate Advances outstanding on such date of determination. 

" Base Rate  means the highest of (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank, N.A., in New York City, 
from time to time, as Citibank's "base" rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum and (c) the ICE 
Benchmark Settlement Rate applicable to US dollars for a period of one month (" One Month LIBOR ") plus 1.00% ( 
for the avoidance of doubt, the One Month LIBOR    for any day shall be based on the rate appearing on Reuters 
LIBOR01   Page (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as designated by the Agent from 
time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day); prQvided that if One Month LIBOR shall be less 
than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

" Base Rate Advance " means a  Committed Advance  which bears interest at the Base Rate. 

" Bid Advance "  means an advance by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Bid Borrowing resulting from the auction 
bidding procedure described in Section 2.5, and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, 
each of which sha!! be a "Type" of Bid Advance. 

" Bid  Borrowing  " means a  borrowing consisting of simultaneous Bid Advances from each of the Lenders whose 
offers to make one or more Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted by a Borrower under the auction 
bidding procedure described in Section 2.5. 

" Bid Note " mesas a promissory note of a Borrower payable to the order of a Lender, in substantially the form of 
Exhibit A-2, evidencing the indebtedness of that Borrower to such Lender resulting from a Bid Advance made by such 
Lender to such Borrower. 

" Bid Reduction " has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a). 

" Borrower " means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, TBC and each Subsidiary Borrower (unless 
and until it becomes a "Terminated Subsidiary Borrower" pursuant to Section 2.22). 

" Borrower  Subsidiary Letter " means, with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, a tener in the form of Exhibit D, 
signed by such Subsidiary Borrower and TBC. 

" Borrowing  " means a Committed Borrowing or a Bid Borrowing. 

" Business Day " means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in New York City and 
, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the 
London interbank market. 

" Commitment   " means, for each Lender, the Ml amount set forth opposite the name of such Lender in Schedule I or, 
if such Lender is a Replacement Lender or a Lender that has entered into one or more assignments pursuant to Section 
2.20 or Section 2.21, the amount set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 
2.20(d), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.3, Section 2.8 or Section 2.19 or increased pursuant to 
Section 2.19. 

" Committed  Advance  " means an  advance made  by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Committed Borrowing and 
refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodoliar Rate Committed Advance, each of which is a "Type" of  Committed 
Advance. 

" Committed  Borrowing  "  means  a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Advances of the same  Type 
made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1. 

" Committed  Note " means  a promissory note of a Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, in substantially the 
form of Exhibit A-1, evidencing the indebtedness of that Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Committed 
Advances  made by such Lender to that Borrower. 

"Company   " means  The Swing Company,  a Delaware corporation. 

" Confidential Information " means information  that a Borrower furnishes lo the Agent or any Lender in a writing 
designated as confidential, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the 
public or that is or becomes available to the Agent or such Lender from a source other than a Borrower. 

" Consolidated " refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with generally accepted accounting principies. 

" Consolidated Net  Tangible Assets " means the total amount of assets (less applicabie reserves and other properly 
deductible items) after, deducting therefrom (i) all current liabilities (excluding any thereof which are by their terms 
extendible or renewable at the option of the obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which 
the amount  thereof is being computed), and (ii) all good will, trade narnes, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt 
discount and expenses and other like intangibles, all as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of the Company and 
its consolidated Subsidiaries and computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principies. 

" Contlaning Lender " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(a). 

" Convert ",   Conversion " and " Converted  " each means a conversion of Committed Advances of one Type into 
Committed Advances  of another Type pursuant to Section 2.10, 2.11 or 2.15. 

" Debt " of a Person means 

(i) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services; 

(fi) financial obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instniments; 

(iii) financial obligations as lessee under leases which have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principies, recorded as capital leases; and 

(iv) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase 
or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against losa in respect of, indebtedness or financial obligations of 
others of the kind referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) aboye. 


                                                3 

"Default  " means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement 
that notice be given or time elapse or both. 

" Defaulting  Lender "  means, at any time, subject to Section 2.23(c), a Lender that (i) has failed for two or more 
Business Days to comply  with its obligations under this Agreement to make an Advance (each a " funding obligation ") 
, unless such Lender has notified the Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's 
determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, 
together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (ii) has notified the Agent or 
the  Company  in writing, or has stated publicly, that it will not comply with any such funding obligation hereunder 
unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that one or more 
conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if 
any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), (iii) has defaulted on its funding obligations 
under other loan agreements or credit agreements generally under which it has   commitments to extend credit or has 
notified, or whose Parent Company  has notified, the Agent or the Company  in writing, or has stated publicly, that it 
does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under loan agreements or credit agreements generally, (iv) has, 
for three or more Business Days, failed to confirm in writing to the Agent, in response to a written request of the Agent 
or the Company, that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender will cease to be 
a Defaulting  Lender  pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the  Agent's  and the Borrower's   receipt of such written 
confirmation), or (v) as to which a Lender Insolvency Event  has occurred and is continuing with respect to it or its 
Parent Company; provided   that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue 
of (1) the control, ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any  direct or indirect parent 
company   thereof by a governmental authority or (2) in the case of a solvent Lender, the precautionary appointment of 
an administrator, guardian, custodian or other similar official by a government authority under or based on the law of 
the country  where such  tender is subject to  home jurisdiction  supervision if applicable law requires that such 
appointment not be publicly disclosed, so long as, in the case of clause (1) and clause (2), such action does not result in 
or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement 
of judgments  or  writs of attachment  on its assets or permit  such   Lender (or such   governmental authority or 
instrumentafity) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements !nade with such Lender. Any 
determination by the Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (i) through (y) aboye shall be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.23( 
c)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company and each Lender. 

" Domestic Lending   Office   means with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic 
Lending Office" in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time 
to time specífy to TBC and the Agent. 

" Effective Date " has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(d). 

" EligIble Assignee " means 

(i) a  commercial  bank  organized under the laws of the United States, or any state thereof, and having a combined 
capital and surplus in excess of $3,000,000,000; 

(ii) a commercial  bank  organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the OECD, or a political 
subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus in excess of $3,000,000,000, provided that 
such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in either (a) the country in which it is organized or (b) another 
country which is also a member of the OECD  or the Cayman  Islands; 


                                                  4 

(iii) the central bank of any country which is a member of the OECD; 

(iv) any  Lender; 

(v)  an Affiliate of any Lender; or 

(vi)  any other Person approved in writing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, by TBC, 
which approval has been communicated in writing to the Agent, provided that none of (x) TBC or an Affiliate of TBC, 
(y) a natural Person or (z) any Defaulting Lender shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee. 

" ERISA   "means  the Employee Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time and the 
regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 

" ERISA   Affiliate " means any Person that for purposes of Title 1V of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of 
any  Borrower, or under common  control with  any Borrower, within the meaning  of Section 414 of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 

" Eurocurrency  Liabllities " has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 

" Eurodollar  Lending Office " means, with respect to any Lender, (a) the office of such Lender specified as its " 
Eurodollar Lending Office" in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may 
from time to time specify to TBC and the Agent. 

" Eurodollar Rate "  means, for an Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance constituting part of a 
Committed Borrowing, and for the relevant period specified in the applicable Notice of Bíd Borrowing for a Eurodollar 
Rate Bid Advance, an interest rate per annum equal to either 

(a)  the rete per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Settlement Rate, as published by Reuters (or, if unavailable for 
any  reason by Reuters, then by reference to another commercially available source providing quotations the ICE 
Benchmark  Settlement Rate, such as Bloomberg,) for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period substantially equal to such 
Interest Period (if a Committed Advance) or such relevant period specified in the applicable Notice of Bid Borrowing ( 
if a Bid Advance), as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two business days before the first day of such Interest Period or the 
first day of the relevant period specified in such Notice of Bid Borrowing; or 

(b)  if the foregoing tate is unavailable for any reason, the average (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 
1% per annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the rates per annum offered by the principal office of each of 
the Reference Banks to prime banks ín the London interbank market at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on deposits in U.S. 
dollars two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period or the first day of such relevant period specified 
in the Notice of Bid Borrowing 

(i)  for such Eurodollar Committed Advance, on an amount substantially equal to such Reference Bank's Eurodollar 
Rate Advance constituting part of such Committed Borrowing and for a period equal to such Interest Period, or 

(ii) for such Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, on an amount substantially equal to the amount of the Eurodollar Rate Bid 
Borrowing which includes such Bid Advance multiplied by a fraction equal to such Reference Bank's ratable portion of 
the Commitments and for a period equal to the relevant period specified in such Notice of Bid Borrowing; 


                                                5 

proviM   that, in each case, if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the 
purposes of this Agreement. 

The Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance constituting part of the same 
Borrowing and  for the relevant period specified in a Notice of Bid Borrowing for each Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance 
shall be determined by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates furnished to and received by the Agent from the 
Reference Banks two  Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period or period, as the case may be, subject, 
however, to the provisions of Section 2.10 (it being understood that the Agent shall not be required to disclose to any 
party hereto any information regarding any Reference Bank or any rate provided by such Reference Bank, including, 
without limitation, whether a Reference Bank has provided a rate or the rate provided by any individual Reference 
Bank). 

"Eurodollar  Rate  Advance  " means a Committed Advance (a "  Eurodollar Rate Committed    Advance ") or a Bid 
Advance  (a " Eurodollar Rate Bid   Advance ") which bears interest at a mte of interest quoted as a margin (which 
shall be the Applícable Margin in the case of a Committed Advance or as offered by a Lender and accepted by a 
Borrower in the case of a Bid Advance) over the Eurodollar Rate. 

" Eurodollar Rate Bid  Borrowing  " has the meaning specífied in Section 2.5(b). 

" Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage " means the reserve percentage applicable to a Lender for any Interest Period 
for a Eurodollar Rate Advance during such Interest Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, 
the daily average of such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage shall be 
so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Govemors of the Federal Reserve System (or 
any successor) for determining the  maximum reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, 
supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or 
including Eurocurrency  Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by 
reference to which the interest rete on Eurodollar Rate Advances is determined) having a temí equal to such Interest 
Period. 

" Event of Default " means any of the events described in Section 6.1. 

" Extension Request " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21. 

" Facility Fee " has the meaning specified in Section 2.7. 

" FATCA  "  means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any 
amended  or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

" Federal Funds  Rate " means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such 
period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal 
Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the 
average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of 
recognized standing selected by it; provided that, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be 
deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

" Fitch " means Fitch, Inc. 

" Fixed Rate Advance  " means an Advance made by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Fixed Rate Borrowing. 


" Fixed Rete    Borrowing  has the meaning specified in Section 2.5(b). 

"   Guaranty   " means  each Guaranty     Agreement  executed  by TBC   in favor of  the  Agent  and  the  Lenders, 
unconditionally guaranteeing the payment  of all obligations of a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under any Notes 
executed or to be executed by it. 

"   Indemnified Costs " has the meaning specified ín Section 7.5. 

"   Indemnifled Party " has the meaning specified in Section 8.3(b). 

"Interest Period  " means, for each Eurodollar Rate Committed  Advance  constituting part of the same Borrowing, the 
period   commencing on the date of such  Committed Advance or the date of the Conversion of a Base Rate Advance finto 
such a Eurodollar  Rate Committed    Advance   and ending on  the last day of the period selected by the applicable 
Borrower  pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, each subsequent period commencing  on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by such Borrower pursuant to 
the provisions below.  The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three, or six months (or, subject to 
clause      below, twelve months), as the applicable Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11 
:00 a.m. (New  York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select, provided , 
however , that: 

(i)  no Interest Period shall end on a date laten than the Termination Date; 

(ü) Interest  Periods commencing  on the same date for  Committed Advances constituting part of the same  Committed 
Borrowing   shall be of the same duration; and 

(iíi)  in the case of any such Borrowing, the applicable   Borrower shall not be entitied to select an Interest Period 
having duration of  twelve months unless, by 2:00 P.M.  (New  York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period, each Lender notifies the Agent that such Lender will be providing funding for such 
Borrowing   with such Interest Period (the failure of any Lender to so respond by  such time   being deemed for all 
purposes of this Agreement as  an objection by such Lender to the requested duration of such Interest Period); provided 
that, if any or all of the Lenders object to the requested duration of such Interest Period, the duration of the Interest 
Period  for such Borrowing shall be  one, two, three or six months, as specified by the applicable Borrower  in the 
applicable Notice of Borrowing as the desired altemative to an Interest Period of twelve months; and 

(iv)  whenever  the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last 
day  of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day,  provided  that, if such 
extension would cause  the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of 
the Interest Period shall occur on the immediately preceding Business Day. 

"Lender  ", subject to Section 2.20, means any of the institutions that is a signatory hereto or that, pursuant to Section 
2.13, 2.19, 2.20 or 2.21, becomes a "Lender" hereunder. 

"Lender    Insolvency Event " means  that (i) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay 
its debts as they become due, or admita in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general 
assignment  for the benefit of its creditors, or (fi) such Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding,   or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or 
sequestrator or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian has been 
appointed for  such Lender or  its Parent Company, or such   Lender or its Parent Company  has taken  any action in 
furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 


                                                   7 

" Majority Lenders " means Lenders  holding greater than 50% of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of the 
Committed  Advances or, if no Committed Advances   are outstanding, Lenders having greater than 50% of the total 
Conunitments;  maided that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be exciuded from the 
determination of Majority Lenders at such time the Commitments of such Lender at such time. 

" Maturity Date  " means the Termination Date or, if the Term Loan Conversion Option described in Section 2.3 has 
been exercised, the date that is the one-year anniversary of the Termination Date. 

  Moody's  " means Moody's lnvestor Services, Inc. 

" Non-Defaulting Lender   means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. 

" Non-Extending  Lender " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(a). 

" Note " means a Committed Note or a Bid Note. 

" Notice of Bid Borrowing " has the meaning specified in Section 2.5(b). 

" Notice of Borrowing " mean  a Notice of Committed Borrowing or a Notice of Bid Borrowing. 

" Notice of Committed  Borrowing " has the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a). 

" OECD   " means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. 

" Parent Company  " means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board 
Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a 
majority of the shares of such Lender. 

" Person  "means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint 
stock company,  trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a govemment or any political 
subdivision or agency thereof. 

" Property, Plant and Equipment " means any item of real property, or any interest therein, buildings, improvements 
and machinery. 

" Proposed Increased Commitment   " has the rneaning specified in Section 2.19(c). 

" Reference Maks  " means JPMorgan  Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and any other Lender so appointed by TBC 
that agrees to act in such role. 

" Register " has the meaning specified in Section 2.20(d). 

" Reiated Pardea " means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, 
employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person's 
Affil iates. 

" Replacenient Lenders " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(c). 

" Request for Alteration " means a document substantially in the form of Exhibit C, duly executed by TBC, pursuant 
to Section 2.19. 

                                                 8 

" Required  Assignment " has the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a). 

" S&P  " means Standard & Poor's, a dívision of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

" Sanetioned   Country " means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any 
Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, kan, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 

" Sanetioned Person  " means, at any time, (a) any legal Person listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated 
Persons maintained  by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the  Treasury, the U.S. 
Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council or the European Union ( 
including by any European Union member state) ; and (b) any Person more than 50% owned or controlled by any such 
Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a). 

" Sanctions " means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from 
time to time by the U.S. govemment (including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. 
Department  of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Comrnerce); the United Nations 
Security Council; or the European Union (including by any European Union member state or Her Majesty's Treasury 
of the United Kingdom). 

"Subsidiary  " means any Person in which more than 50% of the Voting Stock or the interest in the capital or profits is 
owned  by TBC, by  TBC and any one or more other Subsidiaries, or by any one or more other Subsidiaries. 

" Subsidiary  Borrower "  means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, each Subsidiary that is or 
becomes a   "Borrower" in accordance with Section 2.22; in each case, unless and until it becomes a "Terminated 
Subsidiary Borrower". 

" TBC  " means The Boeing Company, a Delaware corporation. 

  Term  Loan "   means a terco loan resulting from the conversion of Committed Advances on the Termination Date 
pursuant to Section 2.3. 

" Terna Loan Conversion   Option " means  the option under Section 2.3 for TBC to convert, as of the Termination 
Date, all or a pan of the Committed Advances then outstanding into Term Loans. 

" Terminated   Subsidiary Borrower   " means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, a Subsidiary 
Borrower that has ceased to be a "Borrower" in accordance with Section 2.22. 

" Termination  Date " means the earlier to occur of (i) November 2, 2016, as such date may be extended from time to 
time pursuant to Section 2.21, and (ii) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.8 or 
Section 6.2. 

" Total Capital " has the meaning specified in Section 4.2(b). 

" Type ", as to Committed Borrowings, means either Base Rate Advances or Eurodollar Rate Committed   Advances 
and, as to Bid Borrowings, means either Fixed Rate Advances or Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances. 

" Unused Commitment    "  means, with respect to each Lender, such  Lender's  Commitment minus  the aggregate 
principal amount of Committed Advances made by such Lender. 

" Voting Stock " means, as to a corporation, all the issued and outstanding capital stock of such corporation having 
general voting power, under ordinary circumstances, to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of 


such corporation (irrespective of whether or not any capital stock of any other class or classes shall or might have 
voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency). 

1.2   Use  of Defined  Terms; References  . Any defined term used in the plural preceded by the definite anide 
encompasses  all members of the relevant class. Any defined term used in the singular preceded by "a", "an" or "any" 
indicates any number of the members  of the relevant class. All references in this Agreement to a Section, Article, 
Schedule or Exhibit are to a Section, Article, Schedule or Exhibit of or to this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. 

1.3  Accounting  Terms  . All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principies consistent with those applied in the preparation of the audited financial 
statements referred to in Section 3.1(e). 


                                                 ARTICLE 2 
                                     Amounts  and  Terms of the Advances 

2.1  Committed   Advances . 

(a)  Obligation to Make rjnmrrdttedAdvances . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter 
set forth, to make Committed Advances to the Borrowers from time to time on any Business Day during the period 
from the date hereof until the Termination Date in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed 
such Lender's Commitment, proyided that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed 
used from time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding and such deemed 
use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be applied to the Lenders ratably according to their respective 
Commitments (such deemed   use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments being a Bid Reduction "). 

(b)    Amount of  Committed Advances  . Each Committed Borrowing  shall be in an aggregate amount not leas than 
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. 

(c)  Type  of Committed Advances  . Each Committed   Borrowing shall consist of Committed Advances of the same 
Type made  on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of 
each Lender's Conunitment, the Borrowers   may from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to Section 2.12, and 
reborrow under this Section 2.1 and Section 2.2. 

2.2  Making    Committed   Advances 

(a)  Notic9  of Committed Borrowing  . Each Committed Borrowing shall be made on notice, given by a Borrower to 
the Agent not laten than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the day of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the case 
of a Base Rate Borrowing and on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the 
case of a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing  (a " Notice of  Committed Borrowing  "). Each such Notice  of  Committed 
Borrowing shall be in substantially the forro of Exhibit B1, specifying the requested 

(i)  date of such Committed Borrowing, 

(ii) Type of Committed  Advances constituting such Committed Borrowing, 

(iii) aggregate amount of such Committed Borrowing, and 

(iv) in the case of a Committed Borrowing composed of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the initial Interest Period for each 
such Committed  Advance. 


                                                10 

Every  Notice of Committed  Borrowing given by a  Subsidiary Borrower must be countersigned by an  authorized 
representative of TBC, in order to evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that proposed Committed 
Borrowing. Upen receipt of a Notice of Committed Borrowing, the Agent shall promptly give notice to each Lender 
thereof. 

(b)   Funding Committed  Advances    Each Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such 
Committed  Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's 
Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing. Alter the Agent's receipt of 
such funds and upon fulfilhnent of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, the Agent will make such funds 
available to the relevant Borrower at an account specified by such Borrower. 

(e) Irrevocable Notice  . Each Notice of Committed Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding. In the case of any 
Committed  Borrowing  that the related Notice of Committed Borrowing specifies is to be composed of Eurodollar Rate 
Advances,  the Borrower requesting such Committed Borrowing shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or 
expense incurred by such Lender on account of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified for such Committed 
Borrowing  in such Notice of Committed Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, including, without 
limitation, any loss (but excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or 
reemployment  of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Committed Advance to be made by such 
Lender as part of such Committed Borrowing when such  Committed  Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made 
on such date. 

(d)  Lender's Ratable Perno  . Unless the Agent has received notice from a Lender prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the day of any Committed Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender' 
s ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing,  the Agent may assume  that such Lender has made  such portion 
available to the Agent on the date of such Committed Borrowing in accordance with subsection (b) of this Section 2.2 
and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the requesting Borrower on such date a 
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that a Lender has not so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, 
such Lender and such Borrower shall severally repay to the Agent forthwith en demand an amount that in the aggregate 
equals such corresponding amount together with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made 
available by the Agent to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at 

(i) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Committed Advances constituting such 
Committed  Borrowing, and 

(fi) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. 

If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender 
's Committed  Advance as part of such Committed Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. 

(e) Independent Lender  Obligan=   . The failure of any Lender to make the Committed Advance to be made by it as 
part of any Committed Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its oblígation, if any, hereunder to make its 
Committed  Advance on the date of such Committed  Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the faílure of 
any other Lender to make the Committed Advance  to be made  by such other Lender on the date of any Committed 
Borrowing. 

2.3   Conversion to Term  Loans, Repayment  . The Borrowers shall, subject to the next succeeding sentence, repay 
to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the 
Committed  Advances then outstanding. TBC may, upon notice given to the Agent 


                                                11 

not later than 11:00 a.m. (New  York City time) on the second Business Day  prior to the Termination Date and  upon 
payment   of a fee to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount 
of  the Committed   Advances outstanding on the Termination Date, convert all or a part of the unpaid principal amount 
of  the Committed   Advances outstanding as of the Termination Date into Term Loans. If  this Term Loan  Conversion 
Option is exercised, then, on the Termination Date, immediately prior to the time when the unpaid principal amount of 
the Committed   Advances   would otherwise be due, the Committed    Advances  shall automatically convert into Term 
Loans  which  the respective Borrowers shall repay to the Agent for the ratable accounts of the Lenders on the Maturity 
Date. The amounts  so converted shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as Committed Advances except that 
after the Terrnination Date: 

(i)   the Borrowers  may not make any additional borrowings; 

(ii)  any amounts paid or prepaid may  not be reborrowed; 

(iii) the amount  of each Lender's   Commitment  shall be equal at all times to the principal amount of the Term Loans 
payable to  such Lender from time to time; 

(ív)  the provisions of Section 2.19 shall not be effective; and 

(v)   no Facility Fees shall accrue or be payable after the Termination Date. 

2.4    Interest Rate on    Committed Advances .  Each Borrower shall  pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
each  of its Committed Advances from the date of such   Committed Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, 
at the following ratos per annum: 

(i)   during each period in which such  Committed Advance   is a Base Rate  Advance, at a rate per annum equal at all 
times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin, payable quarterly in arrears on the first 
day of each January, April, July and October  and on (x) the Termination Date, or (y) if TBC has exercised the Term 
Loan  Conversion Option, the Maturity Date, and 

(ii)  during each period in which such Committed Advance  is a Eurodollar Rate Advance,  at a rate per annum equal at 
all times during each relevant Interest Period for such Committed Advance   to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest 
Period plus the Applicable Margin, payable on the last day of each such Interest Period, and if such Interest Period has 
a duration of more than three months, quarterly on each day during such Interest Period that is three months from either 
(A) the first day of such Interest Period or (B) the last such interest payment date and on the date such Committed 
Advance  is Converted or paid in full; 

provided  that in the event and during the continuance of an Event of Default the Agent may, and upon the request of 
the Majoríty Lenders shall, give notice to the Borrowers that (x) the Applicable Margin shall immediately increase by 
1.0%  aboye the Applicable Margin  then in effect, and, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, such Advance shall 
automatically convert to a Base Rate Advance  at the end of the Interest Period then in effect for such Eurodollar Rate 
Advance   and (y) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the amount of any interest, 
fee or other amount  payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such 
amount shall  be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate 
per annum   equal at all times to 1% aboye the Base  Rate;  provided ,  however , that following acceleration of the 
Advances  pursuant to Section 6.2, the foregoing described interest shall accrue and be payable hereunder whether or 
not previously required by the Agent. 


                                                    12 

2.5  Bid  Advances  . 

(a)  : e  4, e  #   1# .   e # e   el ,le - . The Borrowers may make Bid Borrowings  from time to time on any 
Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the Termination Date in the manner set forth below, provided 
that, follovving the making of each Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the Advances then outstanding shall not 
exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders (computed without regard to the Bid Reduction). As 
provided in Section 2.1 aboye, the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed used from 
time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding, and such deemed use of the 
aggregate amount  of the Commitments   shall be  applied to the Lenders ratably according to their respective 
Commitments;  provided , however   , that any Lender's Bid  Advances shall not otherwise reduce that Lender's 
obligation to lend its pro rata share of the remaining Available Commitments. 

(b)  Notice of Bid_Borrowing   Any Borrower  may request a Bid Borrowing by delivering to the Agent a notice of a 
Bid Borrowing (a " Notice of Bid Borrowing "), in substantially the form of Exhibit B2, specifying the following: 

(i)  the date and aggregate amount of the proposed Bid Borrowing, 

(ü)  the maturity date for repayment of each Bid Advance to be made as part of such Bid Borrowing, which maturity 
date 

(A)  may  not be later than 5 Business Days prior to the Termination Date, but may otherwise be 7 days or more from 
the date of such requested Bid Advance if the applicable Borrower specifies in the Notice of Bid Borrowing that the 
rates of interest to be offered by the Lenders will be fixed rates per annum (a " Fixed Rate Borrowing "), and 

(B) shall be either 1, 2, 3, 6 or 9 months from the date of such Bid Borrowing if the applicable Borrower specifies in 
the Notice of Bid Borrowing that such Bid Borrowing is to consist of Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances (a " Eurodollar 
Rate Bid  Borrowing "), 

(iii) the interest payment date or dates relating thereto, and 

(iv) any  other tercos to be applicable to such Bid Borrowing. 

A Borrower  requesting a Bid Borrowing shall deliver a Notice of Bid Borrowing to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) (A) at least one Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Bid Borrowing if the proposed 
Bid Borrowing is to be a Fixed Rate Borrowing, and (B) at least four Business Days prior to the date of the proposed 
Bid  Borrowing, if the proposed Bíd Borrowing is to be a Eurodollar Rate Bid  Borrowing. Every Notice  of Bid 
Borrowing given by a Subsidiary Borrower must be countersigned by an authorized representative of TBC, in order te 
evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that proposed Bid Borrowing. The Agent shall in turn promptly 
notify each Lender of each request for a Bid Borrowing by sending such Lender a copy of the related Notice of Bid 
Borrowing. 

(c)  Discretion as te Bid Advances . Each Lender may, in its sole discretion, elect to irrevocably offer to make one or 
more Bid  Advances to the applicable Borrower as part of such proposed Bid Borrowing at a tate or rates of interest 
specified by such Lender in its sole discretion (each such rate of interest to be a fixed rate if the applicable Borrower 
requested Fixed Rate Advances or a margin over the Eurodollar Rate if such Borrower requested Eurodollar Rate Bid 
Advances), by notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the Company and such Borrower), before 
10:00 a.m. (New York City time) (A) on the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, if the proposed Bid Borrowing is to 
be a Fixed Rate Borrowing and (B) tinte 


                                                 13 

Business  Days before the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Notice of Bid Borrowing is to be a 
Eurodollar Rate Bid Borrowing. In such notice the Lender shall specify the foliowing: 

(i) the minimum  amount  and  maximum amount of each  Bid Advance which such Lender would be willing to make as 
part of such proposed Bid Borrowing (which amounts may, subject to the first proviso in this Section 2.5(a), exceed 
such Lender's Commitment), 

(ii) the rate or rates of interest therefor (specified as stated in this paragraph (c)), and 

(iii) such Lender's Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Bid Advance; 

provjded that if the Agent in its capacity as a Lender, in its sole discretion, elects to make any such offer, it shall notify 
such  Borrower and the Company of such offer before 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on which notice of 
such election is to be given to the Agent by the other Lenders. If, by 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on 
which notice of a Lender's election under this Section 2.5(c) is to be mute, the Agent fails to receive, at its address 
specified in Section 8.2, a notice from a Lender provided for in this Section 2.5(c), the Agent may conclusively 
presume that such Lender has elected not to offer to make any Bid Advances to such Borrower with respect to the 
related Notice of Bid Borrowing. 

(d)   Borrower Selection of Lender Bids . The Borrower proposing the Bid Borrowing shall, in turn, (A) before 11:00 
a.m. (New York City time) on the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a proposed Bid Borrowing to be 
a Fixed Rate Borrowing, and (B) before 12:00 noon (New York City time) tinte Business Days before the date of such 
proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a proposed Bid Borrowing to be a Eurodollar Rate Bid Borrowing, either: 

(i) cancel such Bid Borrowing by giving the Agent notice to that effect, or 

    accept, in its sole discretion, one or more of the offers made by a Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(c), by 
giving notice to the Agent of the amount of each Bid Advance (which amount shall be equal to or greater than the 
minimum  amount and equal to or less than the maximum amount, notified to such Borrower by the Agent on behalf of 
such Lender for such Bid Advance  pursuant to  Section 2.5(c)) to be made by each Lender as part of such  Bid 
Borrowing, and reject any remaining offers made by Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(c) by giving the Agent notice to 
that effect; pnayided that offers will be accepted, if at all, in order of lowest to highest interest rates, and, if two or more 
Lenders bid at the same rate, the Bid Borrowing with respect to such rate will be allocated among such Lenders in 
proportion to the amount bid by each such Lender. 

If the Borrower proposing the Bíd Borrowing notifies the Agent that such Bid Borrowing is canceled pursuant to 
Section 2.5(dXi), the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders and such Bid Borrowing shall not be made. 

(e)  Bid  Borrowing  . If the Borrower proposing the Bid Borrowing accepts one or more of the offers made by a 
Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(dXii), the Agent shall in turn promptly 

(i) notify each Lender that has made an offer as described in Section 2.5(c), of the date and aggregate amount of such 
Bid  Borrowing and whether or not any offer or offers made by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.5(c) have been 
accepted by such Borrower, 

(ii) notify each Lender that is to make a Bid Advance, as part of such Bid Borrowing, of the amount of each Bid 
Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Bid Borrowing, and 


                                                 14 

(iii) upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in 5.3 or 5.6, as applicable, notify each Lender that is to make a Bid 
Advance as part of such Bid  Borrowing  that the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5 appear to have been 
satisfied. 

When  each Lender  that is to make a Bid Advance as pan of such Bid Borrowing has received notice from the Agent 
pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence, such Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date 
of such Bid Borrowing specified in the notice received from the Agent pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence, 
make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's Account such Lender's 
portion of such Bid Borrowing, in same day funds. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5 
and after receipt by the Agent of such funds, the Agent will make such funds available to the relevant Borrower at an 
account specified by such Borrower. Promptly after each Bid Borrowing the Agent shall notify each Lender of the 
amount  of the Bid Borrowing,  the consequent Bid  Reduction,  and the dates upon  which such  Bid  Reduction 
commenced  and will terminate. 

(f)  If the Borrower proposing  such Bid Borrowing notifies the Agent pursuant to Section 2.5(d)(ii) aboye that it 
accepts one or more of the offers madc by any Lender or Lenders, such notice of acceptance shall be irrevocable and 
binding on such Borrower. Such Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by 
such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing for 
such Bid  Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, including, without limitation, any loss (but 
excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits 
or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Bid Advance to be made by such  Lender  as part of such Bid 
Borrowing when  such Bid Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. 

(g)    Amount of Bid Borrowings . Each Notice of Bid Borrowing shall request an aggregate amount of Bid Advances 
not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, provided that a Borrower may accept 
offers aggregating less'than $10,000,000 and offers which are not an integral multiple of $1,000,000, and provided 
further that, as provided in Section 2.5(a), following the making of each Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the 
Advances  then outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Cornmitments of the Lenders (computed 
without regard to the Bid Reduction). Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this Section 2.5, the 
Borrowers  may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.5, repay pursuant to Section 2.5(g), and reborrow under 
this Section 2.5, provided that a Bid Borrowing shall not be made within three Business Days of the date of any other 
Bid Borrowing. 

(h)   Repayment of Bid Advances . On the maturity date of each Bid Advance specified by the relevant Borrower for 
repayment of such Bid  Advance in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing, the applicable Borrower shall repay to the 
Agent for the account of the Lender which has made such Bid Advance the then unpaid principal amount of such Bid 
Advance.  The Borrowers shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of any Bid Advance without the consent of 
the Lender which extended such Bid Advance. 

(i)  Interest on Bid Advances; Bid Notes . The relevant Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
each Bid Advance, from the date of such Bid Advance to the date the principal amount of such Bid Advance is repaid 
in full, at the fixed rate of interest specified by the Lender making such Fixed Rate Advance in its notice with respect 
thereto delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(c) or, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, the margin specified by 
the Lender making  such Bid  Advance in its notice with respect thereto plus the Eurodollar Rate determined with 
respect to such Bid Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10, payable on the interest payment date or dates specified by such 
Borrower  for such Bid Advance   in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing. Upon the  occurrence and  during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, the applicable Borrower shall pay interest on the amount of unpaid principal of and 
interest on each Bid Advance owing to a Lender, payable in arrears on the date or dates interest is payable thereon, at a 
rate per annum equal at all times to I% per annum aboye the rate per annum required to be paid on such Bíd Advance 
under 


                                                 15 


the tercos of the Bid Note evidencing such Bid Advance unless otherwise agreed in such Bid Note. The indebtedness of 
the applicable Borrower resulting from each Bid  Advance made  to such  Borrower as part of a Bid Borrowing shall be 
evidenced  by a separate Bid Note  of such Borrower  payable to the order of the Lender making  such Bid   Advance, 
which  Bid Note shall be retumed to the applicable Borrower upon payment  in full of such Bid Advance. 

2.6    Lender    Assigntnent or Sale  of Bid  Advances . Any  Lender  may, without the prior written consent of the 
Borrowers, sell or assign all or any part of such Lender's rights in any or all of the Bid Advances made by such Lender 
or in the Bid Notes in connection with such Bid Advances as a participation, provided , however , that 

(y)  any  such sale or assignment shall not require any Borrower to file a registration statement with the Secundes and 
Exchange   Commission   or apply to qualify the Advances or the Notes  under the blue sky laws of any state, and the 
selling or assigning Lender  shall otherwise   comply  with all federal and state securities laws applicable to such 
transaction, 

(vi)    no purchaser or assignee in such a transaction shall thereby  become a "Leude?' for any purpose  under this 
Agreement, 

(vii)  such Lender's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrowers 
) shall remain unchanged, 

(viii) such Lender  shall remain solely responsible to the other panties hereto for the performance of such obligations, 
and 

(ix)   the Borrowers, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in 
connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. 

2.7    Fees . TBC  agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee (" Facility Fee ") on such 
Lender's  Commitment,   without regard to usage; provided that no Defaulting Lender  shall be entitled to receive any 
Facility Fee for any period  during which that Lender is  a Defaulting Lender except to the extent allocable to the 
outstanding principal amount of  Committed .Advances funded by it (and   TBC shall not be required to pay such fee that 
otherwise  would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). The Facility Fee shall be payable for 
the periods from the date hereof in the case of each Lender narned in Schedule 1, and from the effective date on which 
any other Lender becomes panty hereto, until the Termination Date (or such earlier date on which such Lender ceases to 
be a party hereto) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage. Facility Fees shall be payable in arrears on 
each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 during the terco of this Agreement until and on the Termination Date. The 
amount  of the Facility Fee payable on January 1, 2016  and on the  Termination Date shall be prorated based on the 
actual number of days elapsed either since the date hereof (in the case of the January 1, 2016 payment) or since the date 
on  which the last payment in respect of the Facility Fee was made (in the case of the payment made on the Termination 
Date). 

2.8    Reductlon of the    Commitments 

(a)    Optional   Reductions .  TBC shall have the right,  upon at  least 3 Business Days' notice to the Agent,  to 
permanently  terminate  in whole or permanently   reduce ratably in pan  the unused  portions of the   Commitments, 
provided   that each partial reduction shall be in a   minimum amount   of  $10,000,000 or  an integral multiple of 
$1,000,000 in excess thereof, and provided furthet that the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall not be reduced 
to an amount which is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding. 


                                                    16 

(b)   Mandatory Reductiou  . At the Glose of business on the Termination Date, the aggregate Commitments shall be 
automatically and permanently reduced, on a pro rata basis, by an amount equal to the amount by which the aggregate 
Commitments  immediately prior to giving effect to such reduction exceed the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the 
Committed Advances then outstanding. 

2.9    Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Commltted  Advances . Each  Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so 
long as such Lender is required under regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to maintain 
reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the 
unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance of such Lender to such Borrower, from the date 
of such Committed Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum for each Interest 
Period equal to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such 
Committed Advance   from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus 
the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest 
is payable on such Committed Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and notified to the 
relevant Borrowers through the Agent. 

2.10   Eurodollar Interest Rate Determination 

(a) Metlaods to Determine Eurodollar Rate . The Agent shall determine the Eurodollar Rate for each Eurodollar Rate 
Advance by using the methods described in the definition of the terco "Eurodollar Rate," and shall give prompt notice 
to the relevant Borrowers and the Lenders of each such Eurodollar Rate. 

(b)   Role of Reference tlanks . In the event the Eurodollar Rate cannot be determined by the first method described in 
the definition of "Eurodollar Rate," each Reference Bank shall furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose 
of determining the Eurodollar Rate in accordance with the second method described therein. If any one or more of the 
Reference Banks does not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of determining a Eurodollar 
Rate, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information fumished by the remaining 
Reference Banks; provided that such rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of timely information provided by 
no fewer than two Reference Banks. In the event the rate cannot be determined by either of the methods described in 
the definition of "Eurodollar Rate," then: 

(i)  the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrowers and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such 
Eurodollar Rate Advances, 

(ii)  each such Advance, if a Committed Advance, will automatically, on the last doy of the then existing Interest 
Period therefor, Convert roto a Base Rate Advance (or if a Borrower was attempting to Convert a Base Rate Advance 
roto a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance, such Advance will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and 

(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances, or to make, or to Convert Base Rate 
Advances  roto, Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances shall be suspended until the Agent notifies the Borrowers and the 
Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist. 

(c)  Jnadequate Eurodollar Rata . If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, the Majority Lenders 
notify the Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for such Committed Advances will not adequately 
reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of  making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurodollar Rate 
Committed   Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the relevant Borrowers and the 
Lenders, whereupon 


                                                 17 

(i)  each such Eurodollar Rate Corrunitted Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest 
Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and 

(fi) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Base Rate Advances into, Eurodollar Rate  Committed 
Advances shall be suspended until the Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances causing 
such suspension no longer exist. 

(d)   Absence  of an Interest Period orla Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance . If a Borrower fails to select the 
duration of an Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance in accordance with the provisions contained in 
the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.1, the Agent will forthwith so notify such Borrower and the Lenders and 
such Committed Advances  will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into 
Base Rate Advances. 

2.11    Voluntary Conversion  of Committed   Advances  . Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.10 and 2.15, any 
Borrower  may Convert all  such Borrower's  Committed Advances   of one Type constituting the same  Committed 
Borrowing into Advances of the other Type on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 
a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion; ;mullirá , bowever 
, that the Conversion of a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance into a Base Rate Advance may be made on, and only on 
, the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance. Each such notice of a Conversion 
shall, within the restrictions specified aboye, specify 

(iv) the date of such Conversion, 

(v)  the Committed Advances to be Converted, and 

(vi) íf such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, the duration of the Interest Period for each such 
Committed  Advance. 

2.12    Prepayments . Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time, upon prior written notice 
from such  Borrower to  the Agent, to prepay its outstanding principal obligations with respect to its Committed 
Advances  in whole or ratably in part (except as provided in Section 2.15 or 2.19), ralykleil that every notice of 
prepayment given by a Subsidiary Borrower must be countersigned by an authorized representative of TBC, in order to 
evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that prepayment. Such prepaying Borrower may be obligated to 
make certain  prepayments of obligations with respect to one or more   Committed Advances  subject to and  in 
accordance with this Section 2.12. 

(a)  Base Rate Borrowings  Prepayments . With respect to Base Rate Borrowings, such prepayment shall be without 
premium or penalty, upon notice given to the Agent, and shall be made not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the date of such prepayment. The applicable Borrower shall designate in such notice the amount and date of such 
prepayment. Accrued interest on the amount so prepaid shall be payable on the first Business Day of the calendar 
quarter next following the prepayment. The minimum amount of Base Rate Borrowings which may be prepaid on any 
occasion shall be $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if leas, the total amount of 
Base Rate Advances then outstanding for that Borrower. 

(b)                  e le el .1  e  e    '  13*. ¡se - I . With respect to Eurodollar Rate Committed Borrowings, 
such prepayment shall be made on at least 3 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. ( 
New  York City time), and if such notice is given the applicable Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal 
amount  of the Committed Advances constituting pan of the same Committed Borrowing in whole or ratably in part, 
together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the 


                                                 18 

principal amount prepaid. The minimum  amount of Eurodollar Rate Committed Borrowings which may be prepaid on 
any occasion shall be $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the total amount of 
Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances then outstanding for that Borrower. 

(c)    Additional Prepayment    Pkvments The  prepaying Borrower shall, on  the date of the prepayment of any 
Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances,  pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender interest accrued to such date of 
prepayment on the principal amount prepaid plus, in the case only of a prepayment on any date whích is not the last 
day  of an applicable Eurodollar Interest Period, any amounts which may be required to compensate such Lender for 
any losses or out-of-pocket costs or expenses (including any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation 
or reemployment of deposits or other funds, but excluding loss of anticipated profits) incurred by such Lender as a 
result of such prepayment, provided that such Lender shall exercise reasonable efforts to minimize any such losses, 
costs and expenses. 

(d)  Eurodollar Raje Committed   Advance prepayment Expense    If, due to the acceleration of any of the Committed 
Advances  pursuant to Section 6.2(b), an assignment, repayment or prepayment under Section 2.19, 2.20 or 2.21 or 
otherwise, any Lender receives payment of its portion of, or is subject to any Conversion from, any Eurodollar Rate 
Committed  Advance on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period with respect to such Committed Advance, 
the relevant Borrowers shall pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts which may be payable to 
such Lender by such Borrower by reason of payment on such day as provided in Section 2.12(c). 

2.13  lncreases in Costa . 

(a)  Costa from  Law Qr Authorities If, due to either 

(1) the introduction of, or any change (other than, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Borrowings, a change by way of 
imposition or an increase of reserve requirements described in Section 2.9) in, or new interpretation of, any law or 
regulation effective at any time and from time to time on or alter the date hereof, or 

(2)  the  compliance with any guideline or the request from or by any central bank or other governmental authority ( 
whether or not having the force of law), 

there is an increase in the cost incurred by a Lender in agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any 
Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance  or  Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance then or at any time thereafter outstanding ( 
excluding for purposes of this Section 2.13 any such increased costs resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to 
which Section 2.14 shall govem), (i» changes in the oasis of taxation of overall net income or overol! gross income by 
the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its 
Applicable Lending Office (or any political subdivision thereof) and (iii) FATCA), then TBC shall from time to time, 
upon demand  of such Lender  (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such 
Lender such  amounts as are required to compensate such Lender for such increased cost, provided that such Lender 
shall exercise reasonable efforts (consistent with its interna! policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to minimize 
any such increased cost and provided atter that the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such compensation 
with respect to any period prior to the 90th day before the date of any such demand, unless such introduction, change, 
compliance or request shall have retroactive effect to a date prior to such 90 tb day. A certificate as to the amount of 
such increase in cost, submitted to the relevant Borrowers and the Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and 
bindíng for all purposes under this Section 2.13(a), absent manifest error. 

(b)  increased Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation or any 
guidelines or request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) 
which is enacted, adopted or issued at any time and from time to time alter the date hereof 


                                                 19 

atTects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to be maintained by such Lender (or any 
corporation  controlling such Lender) and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon the 
existence of such Lender's Commitment   and other  commitments of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender (with 
a copy of such  demand to the Agent), the Borrowers shall immediately pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender 
, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender in the light of 
such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably  determines such Mercase  in capital or liquidity to be 
allocable to the existence of such Lender's Commitment,  provided that such Lender shall exercise reasonable efforts ( 
consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to rninimize any such compensation payable by 
the   Borrowers hereunder and provided further that the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such compensation 
with respect to any period prior to the 90th day before the date of any such demand, unless such introduction, change, 
compliance   or request shall have retroactive effect to a date prior to such 90 ib day. A certificate as to such amounts 
submitted to the relevant Borrowers  and the Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, 
absent manifest error. 

(e)                     lo I  4 •           . Upon receipt of notice from any Lender claiming compensation pursuant 
to this Section 2.13 or Section 2.14 and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, TBC shall have the right, 
on  or before the 30th day alter the date of receipt of any such notice, 

(i) to arrange  for one or more Lenders or other commercial banks te assume the Commitment   of such Lender; subject 
, however, to payment to the Agent  by the assignor or the assignee of a processing and recording fee of $3,500, in the 
event the assuming  lender is not a Lender; or 

(ii)   to arrange for the   Commitment of such Lender to be terminated and  all  Committed  Advances owed  to  such 
Lender to be prepaid; 

and, in either case, subject to payment in full of all principal, accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts 
payable under  this Agreement and then owing to such Lender immediately  prior to the assignment or tennination of the 
Commitment   of such Lender. 

(d)   For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.13 shall apply to all requests, tules, guidelines or directives concerning 
increased costs and capital adequacy or liquidity (i) issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer   Protection Act and  (ii) promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee   on 
Banking   Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in 
each case pursuant to Base111I, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

2.14   Tales  . 

(a)    Exclusion and Inclusion of Taxes .  Any and all payments by  each  Borrower hereunder or with respect to any 
Advances  or under any Notes shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.16, free and clear of and without deduction 
for any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with 
respect thereto, excluding (i) in the case of each Lender and the Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income 
by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) 
by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) is organized 
or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income ( 
and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Lender's Applicable Lending 
Office or any political subdivision thereof and (fi) any United States withholding tax imposed under FATCA (all such 
non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder 
or with respect to any Advances or under any Notes, hereinafter referred to as " Taxes "). If any Borrower shall 


                                                   20 

be  required by law  to deduct any Taxes  from or in  respect to any sum  payable hereunder or with respect to  any 
Advances  or under  any Note to any Lender or the Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so 
that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 
2.14) such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no 
such deductions been   made, (ii) such Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) such Borrower shall pay the full 
amount  deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(b)   Fayment  of Other Taxes  . In addition, each Borrower shall pay any present or figure stamp, documentary, excise, 
property  or similar taxes, charges, or levies that arise from any payment  made  hereunder or with respect to  any 
Advances   and under any Notes or from the execution, defivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with 
respect to, this Agreement or any Notes (" Other  Taxes "). 

(e)  Indemnification as  lo Taxes . Each Borrower shall indemnify each  Lender and the Agent for and hold it harmless 
against  the full amount of Taxes and  Other Taxes (including Taxes and Other  Taxes   imposed on amounts   payable 
under this Section 2.14), imposed on  or paid  by such Lender or  the Agent (as the case may be)  and any liability ( 
including  penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification shall be made 
within  30 days from the date such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor. 

(d)    Evidence of or   Exemption from Taxes . Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the  Borrower 
which   paid such Taxes shall furnish to the Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.2, the original or a certified 
copy  of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder  or with respect to the Advances or 
under  any Notes  by or on behalf of any Borrower through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on 
behalf  of any Borrower by a payor that is not a United States person, if the applicable Borrower determines that no 
laxes are payable in respect thereof, such Borrower shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to fumish, to the Agent, at 
such  address, an opinion of counsel  or other supporting  documentation acceptable  to the Agent stating that such 
payment is exempt  from  Taxes. For purposes of this subsection (d) and subsection (e), the terms " United States " and 
"  United States person " have the meanings  apecified in Section 7701 of the Interna! Revenue Code. 

(e)   Status of  Lender . For purposes of this Section 2.14(e), the term "Lender" includes the Agent. 

(i)   Each Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its 
execution  and delivery of this Agreement (in the case of each Lender Usted in Schedule I), and from the date on which 
any  other Lender  becomes a party hercio  (in the case of each other Lender), and from  time  to time thereafter as 
requested in writing by  TBC (but only so long thereafter as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), provide each 
of the  Agent  and  TBC  with two original lnternal   Revenue Service forms     W-8BEN,  W-8IMY,   or W-8EC  I , as 
appropriate, or any successor  forro prescribed by the Interna! Revenue Service, to establish that such Lender is not 
subject to, or is entitled to a reduced rate of, United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or 
with respect to any Advances or any Notes. If the forms provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a 
party to this Agreement indicates a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such 
rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Lender provides the appropriate form certifying that 
a lower rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lower rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for 
periods governed  by such form;   provided , howqm   , that, if at the date on which a Lender becomes a party to this 
Agreement,   the Lender  assignor was  entitled to payments under   subsection 2.14(a) in respect of  United States 
withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition 
to withholding laxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise indudable in Taxes) United States 
withholding  tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Lender assígnee on such date. If any form or docurnent referred 
to in this subsection 2.14(e) regules the 


                                                   21 

disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the 
date hereof by Interna' Revenue Service form W-8BEN,   W-8IMY,    or W-8ECI, that the Lender  reasonably considers to 
be confidential, the Lender shall give notice thereof to the relevant Borrowers and shall not be obligated to include in 
such  form or document  confidential information. 

(ii)  Each Lender  that is a United States person shall deliver to TBC and the Agent on or prior to the date on which 
such  Lender becomes  a Lender under this  Agreement (and  from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of 
TBC   or the Agent), executed originais of Interna' Revenue Service forms W-9  certifying that such Lender is exempt 
from  United States federal backup withholding tax. 

(iii) If a payment  made to a Lender would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA  if 
such  Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in 
Section 1471(b) or  1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to TBC, at the time 
or times prescribed by  law and at such time or times reasonably  requested in writing by TBC, such   documentation 
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and 
such  additional documentation reasonably  requested in writing by TBC   as may be  necessary for each Borrower  to 
comply  with its obligations under FATCA,  to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations 
under FATCA     or to determine the  amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.   For purposes of this Section 
2.14(e)(íii) FATCA shall include any Treasury  regulations or interpretations thereof. 

(f)    Lender Failure to Provide IRS Forms  . For any period  with respect to which any Lender has failed to provide 
TBC  with the appropriate forro described  in subsection 2.14(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in law 
occurring  after the date on which a form originally was  required to be provided or if such form otherwise  is not 
required  under subsection 2.14(e)), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under subsection (a) or (c) with 
respect to Taxes imposed   by the United States by reason of such failure; provided , bowever , that should a Lender 
become  subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, TBC shall Cake such steps as such 
Lender  shall reasonably request to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes. 

(g)   Treatment  of Certain  Refunds . 1f the Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a 
refund of any Taxes   or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified  by a Borrower or  with respect to which a 
Borrower  has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to 
such  refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under 
this Section with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of 
the  Agent or  such Lender, as the case may  be, and wíthout interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant 
governmental  authority with respect to such refund), provided that such Borrower, upon the request of the Agent or 
such  Lender agrees to  repay the amount  paid over to such  Borrower  (plus any penalties, interest or other charges 
imposed  by the relevant governmental authority) to the Agent or such Lender in the event the Agent or such Lender is 
required to repay  such refund to such  governmental authority. This paragraph shall not be construct' to require the 
Agent  or any Lender  to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to. its taxes that it deems 
confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 

2.15   illegality If any Lender shall notify the Agent that either 

(b)   hiere is any introduction of, or change in or in the interpretation of, any law or regulation that in the opinion of 
counsel for such  Lender in the relevant jurisdiction =Ices it unlawful, or 

(c)   any central bank or other govemmental authority asserts that it is unlawful 


                                                   22 

for such Lender to continue to fund or maintain any Eurodollar Rate Advances or to perform its obligations hereunder 
with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, then, upon the issuance of such opinion of counsel or such 
assertion by a central bank or other govenunental authority, the Agent shall give notice of such opinion or assertion to 
the Borrowers  (accompanied  by such opinion, if applicable). The Borrowers shall forthwith (or at the end of the 
then-current lnterest Period if the Eurodollar Rate Advances may be lawfully maintained as Eurodollar Rate Advances 
until then) either 

(i)  prepay in full all Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances and all Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances made  by such 
Lender, with accrued interest thereon or 

(fi) Convert each such Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance  made by such Lender into a Base Rate Advance. 

Upon such prepayment or Conversion, the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances or 
Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances, or to Convert Committed Advances into Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, shall be 
suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrowers that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exists. 

2.16   Payments and   Computations 

(a)  Time  and Distribution of Paymenti The Borrowers shall make each payment hereunder and with respect to any 
Advances or under any Notes, without counterclaim or setoff, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the 
day  when due in U.S. dollars to the Agent at the Agent's Account in same day funds. The  Agent shall promptly 
thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or fees ratably (other than 
amounts  payable pursuant to Section 2.5, 2.9, 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.19) to the Lenders for the account of their respective 
Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such 
Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the tercos of this 
Agreement. From and alter the effective date of an assignment pursuant to Section 2.20, the Agent shall make all 
payments hereunder and with respect to any Advances or under any Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to 
the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such assignment shall make all appropriate adjustments in such 
payments for the periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves. 

(b)  Computation  of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest based on clause (a) of the definition of Base Rate 
shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. All computations of interest 
based on the Eurodollar Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate and of Facility Fees 
shall be made by the Agent, and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.9 shall be made by a Lender, on the 
basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day 
) occurring in the period for which such interest or fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent (or, in the case of 
Section 2.9, by a Lender) of an interest Tate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all ~oses, absent manifest 
error. 

(e)  Payment Due  Dates . Whenever any payment hereunder or with respect to any Advances or under any Notes shall 
be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business 
Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the 
case may be, but not tater than the Terrrúnation Date or, if the Terco Loan Conversion Option has been exercised, the 
Maturity Date; provided , however , if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar 
Rate Advances to  be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 


                                                23 

(d)  Presumption  of Borrower Payment Unless the Agent receives notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which 
any payment is due to any Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Agent may 
assume that such Borrower has made such  payment in full to the Agent on such date and the Agent may, in reliance 
upon such  assumption, cause to be distributed to each such Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount 
then due such Lender. If and to the extent that such Borrower has not made such payment in full to the Agent, each 
such Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such   amount distributed to such Lender together with 
interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays 
such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate. 

2.17   Sharing of Payments,  Etc . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, 
obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Committed Advances or other obligations 
hereunder  resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Committed 
Advances and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided 
herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for 
cash at face value) participations in the Committed Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make 
such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders 
ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed 
Advances and  other amounts owing them; provided that: 

(iii)  if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, 
such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; 
and 

(iv)   the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by any Borrower 
pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from 
the existente of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of 
or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Advances or participations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or 
participant, other than to a Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
). 

Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that 
any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights 
of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such 
Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

2.18   Evidence of Debt 

(a)  Lender Rcords; If Notes Required  . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account 
or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Committed Advance 
owing  to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such 
Lender from time  to time hereunder in respect of Committed Advances. Each  Borrower shall, upon notice by any 
Lender to such Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Committed Note is required or 
appropriate in order for such Lender to evidente (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcernent or otherwise) the 
Committed  Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, such Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to 
such Lender a  Committed Note payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of 
such Lender. 


                                                 24 

(b)   Record of Borrowints , Payables and P.  ents . The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 2.20( 
d) shall include a control account, and a subsidíary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be 
recorded 

(i)  the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder to each Borrower, the Type of Advances constituting 
such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, 

(ii)  the terms of each assignment pursuant to Section 2.20, 

(iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to 
each Lender hereunder, and 

(iv)  the amount of any sum receíved by the Agent from a Borrower hereunder and each Lender's share thereof. 

(c)   Evidence of Payment Obligations Entries made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection 
(b) aboye, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) aboye, shall be prima facie evidence 
of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from a Borrower to, in the case 
of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent 
manifest error; provided , however , that the failure of the Agent or such Lender to make an enty, or any finding that 
an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the 
Borrowers under this Agreement. 

2.19  Alteration of Commitments   and  Addition of Lenders . 

(a)   Alter Lender Commitment  . By a written agreement executed only by TBC, the Agent and the affected Lender 
and any non-party tender involved, 

(v)  the Commitment of such affected Lender may be increased to the amount set forth in such agreement; 

(vi)  such non-party lender may be added as a Lender with a Commitment as set forth in such agreement, provided 
that such lender agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and 

(vii)   the unused portion of the Commitment  of such affected  Lender  may be reduced  or terminated and the 
Committed  Advances owing  to such Lender may be prepaid in whole or in part, MI as set forth in such agreement. 

(b)   Conditions to Alteration . The Agent may execute any such agreement without the prior consent of any Lender 
other than the Lender affected, provided , however , that if at the time the Agent proposes to execute such agreement 
either (A) TBC's long-teten senior unsecured debt is rated by any two of S&P, Moody's and Fitch, lower than BBB- by 
S&P,  lower than Baa3 by Moody's or lower than BBB- by Fitch or (B) a Default has occurred and is continuing, then 
the Agent shall not execute any such agreement unless it has first obtained the prior written consent of the Majority 
Lenders, and provided furthei that the Agent shall not execute any such agreement without the prior written consent of 
the Majority Lenders if such agreement would increase the total of the Commitments to  an amount  in excess of 
$2,465,000,000 or, pursuant to Section 2.19(c), $3,300,000,000. 

(c)   Increase Total Vpmmitment . The   Company has the right to increase the total of the Commitments through a 
Request for Alteration , in minimum  increments of $25,000,000, up to a maximum  aggregate of Commitments  of 
$3,300,000,000, provided that, in addition to the requirements specified in Section 2.19(b), at the time of and after 
giving effect to an increase, TBC's long-term senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced debt ratings from any two of S&P, 
Moody's and Fitch are better than or equal to BBB-, Baa3 and 


                                                25 

BBB-,  respectively. The   Company may offer the  proposed increase (the " Proposed  Increased  Commitment    ") to 
such  Lender(s) or third party fmancial institutions acceptable to the Agent (" New Lenders ") as the Company   may 
select, provided that 

(i)  such selected Lender(s) and such New Lender(s) shall have  the right, but no obligation, to increase (or establish) 
its  Commitment,  by giving notice thereof to the Agent, to all or a portion of the Proposed Increased  Commitment, 
allocations to be at the sole discretion of the Company, and 

(ii) that the mínimum     commitment of each New Lender equals or exceeds $25,000,000. 

(d)     Request for Alteration . The Agent shall give each  Lender prompt  notice of any such agreement    becoming 
effective. All requests for Lender consent under the provisions of this Section 2.19 shall specify the date upon which 
any  such increase, addition, reduction, termination, or prepayment shall become effective (the " Effective Date ") and 
shall be   made by means of  a Request  for Alteration substantially in the  form as set forth in Exhibit C. On the 
Effective  Date on which the Commitment    of any  Lender is increased, decreased, terminated or created or on which 
prepayment is made, all as described in such Request for Alteration, the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, 
shall malee available to the Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such date, in same day funds, the 
amount, if any, which  may be required (and the Agent shall distribute such funds received by it to the Borrowers or to 
such Lenders, as the case may be) so that at the close of business on such date the sum of the Committed Advances of 
each Lender then outstanding shall be in the same proportion to the total of the Committed Advances of a11 the Lenders 
then outstanding as  the  Commitment of such Lender is to the total of the Commitments.   The Agent shall give each 
Lender notice of the amount  to be  made available by, or to be distributed to, such Lender at least 3 Business Days 
before such payment  is made. 

2.20   Assignments;  Sales of Participations and Other  Interesta  in Advances  . 

(a)    Assignment  of Lender Obligations . From time to time each Lender may, with the prior written consent of TBC ( 
so long as no Event  of Default has occurred and is continuing) and subject to the qualifications set forth below, assign 
to one or  more Lenders or an Eligible Assignee all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement ( 
including,  without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the   Committed   Advances owing  to  it and the 
Committed  Note, if any, held by it) and will, at any time, if arranged by the Company pursuant to clause (i)(A) below 
upon at least 30 days' notice to such Lender and the Agent, assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, all of its Commitment, the Committed   Advances 
owing  to it and the Committed Note, íf any, held by it); subject to the following: 

(i) If such  Lender  notifies TBC and the Agent of its intent to request the consent of TBC to an assignment, or if any 
Lender is a Defaulting  Lender,  TBC shall have the right, for 30 days alter receipt of such notice or notice from the 
Agent that such Lender  is a Defaulting Lender, as the case may be, and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, in its sole discretion either (A) to arrange for one or more Eligible Assignees to accept such assignment 
or, in the case of a Defaulting Lender, an assignment of all of such Lender's Committed Advances and Commitment  (a 
"   Required  Assignment  ") or  (B) other than in  the case of a Defaulting Lender, to arrange for the  rights and 
obligations of such Lender (including, without limitation, such Lender's Commitment), and the total Commitments, to 
be  reduced  by  an amount equal  to the  amount of  such Lender's Commitment     proposed to  be  assigned and, in 
connection with  such reduction, to prepay that portion of the Committed Advances    owing to such Lender  which it 
proposes to assign; 

(ii)   If TBC fails to notify such  Lender within 30 days of  TBC's receipt of such  Lender's request for consent to 
assignment, the Borrowers  shall be deemed to consent to the proposed assignment; 


                                                    26 

(iii)  Any  such assignment shall not require any  Borrower to file a registration statement with the Securities and 
Exchange    Commission or apply to qualify the interests in the Committed Advances  under the blue sky laws of any 
state and the assigning Lender shall otherwise comply with all federal  and state securities laws applicable to such 
assignment; 

(iv)  Unless TBC  consents, the amount of the Commitment   of the assigning Lender  being assigned pursuant to any 
such  assignment (detennined as of  the date of the assignment) shall either (A) equal 50% of all such  rights and 
obligations (or 100% in the case of a Required Assignment) or (B) not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple 
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; 

(v)  Unless either (x) TBC consents or (y) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the aggregate amount 
of the Commitment  assigned pursuant to all such assignments of such Lender (afler giving effect to such assignment) 
shall in no event exceed 50% (except in the case of a Required Assignment) of all such Lender's Commitment (as set 
forth in Schedule 1, in the case of each Lender that is a party hereto as of November 4, 2015, or as set forth in the 
Register as the aggregate Commitment assigned to such Lender pursuant to one or more assignments, in the case of any 
assignee); 

(vi)   No Lender shall be obligated to make a Required Assignment unless  such Lender has received   payments in an 
aggregate arnount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of all Committed    Advances being  assigned, 
together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to 
such Lender under this   Agreement  (including without limitation Section 2.12(c), provided that such Lender shall 
receive its pro rata share of the Facility Fee on the next date on whích the Facility Fee is payable); and 

(vii)  In connection  with any  assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting  Lender hereunder,  no such 
assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to 
the assignment shall make such addítional payments to the Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upen distribution 
thereof as appropriate (which   may be outright   payment, purchases by   the assignee of participations, or other 
compensating  actions, including funding, with the consent  of TBC,  the  applicable pro rata share of   Committed 
Advances  previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and 
assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting 
Lender to the Agent and  each other Lender hereunder  (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as 
appropriate) its full pro rata share of ail Committed Advances with its ratable portion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective 
under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall 
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs and except to the 
extent otherwise expressly  agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting  Lender will constitute a 
waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(b)   Effect of Lender  Assignment . From and alter the effective date of any assignment pursuant to Section 2.20(a), (i) 
the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been 
assigned to it pursuant to such assignment, it shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (ii) the 
Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant 
to such assignment, relinquish its rights (other than its rights under Section 2.13, 2.14, 2.19 or 8.3 to the extent any 
claim thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment) and be released from its obligations under this 
Agreement  (and, in the case of an assignment covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's rights and 
obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 


                                                    27 

(c)   Security Interest; Assignmentto Lender Affiliate . Notwithstanding Section 2.20(a) or any other provision in this 
Agreement,  any  Lender  may,  upon prior or contemporaneous  notice to TBC and  the Agent, at any  time (i) create a 
security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including without limitation, the Advances 
owing to it and the Notes held by it, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including in favor of any Federal 
Reserve   Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other 
governmental   agency  or instrumentality, and (fi) assign all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement  (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Committed Advances owing to it and 
the   Committed Note held by it, if any) to an Affiliate of such Lender unless the result of such an assignment would be 
to increase the cost to any Borrowers of  requesting, borrowing, continuing, maintaining, paying  or converting any 
Advances. 

(d)   Agent's  Register . The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at its 
address referred to in Section 8.2 a copy of each assignment  delivered to and accepted  by it and a register for the 
recordation of the narres and addresses of the Lenders and the  Commitment of, and principal amount of the Committed 
Advances   of each  Borrower  owing to, each Lender from time to time (the " Register "). The entries in the Register 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders 
may  treat each entity whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. 
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to 
time  upon reasonable prior notice. Upon receipt by the Agent from the assigning Lender of an assignment in form and 
substance  satisfactory to the Agent executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible 
Assignee,   together with  evidence of each  Committed   Advance   subject to such assígnment,   an  Administrative 
Questionnaire  for such assignee and a processing and recording fee of $3,500  (payable by either the assignor or the 
assignee), the Agent shall, if such assignment is a Required Assignment or has been consented to by TBC to the extent 
required by Section 2.20(a) or has been effected pursuant to Section 2.21(c), (i) accept such assignment, (fi) record the 
information contained  therein in the Register, and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to TBC. 

(e)   Lender  Sale of Participatioo . Each Lender may sell particípations in all or a portion of its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement   (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and 
the  Notes held by ít, if any) to one or more Affiliates of such Lender or to one or more other financial institutions; 
provided , however , that 

(i)    any such participation shall not require any Borrowers to file a registration statement with the Securities and 
Exchange   Commission  or apply to qualify any interests in the Advances or any Notes under the blue sky laws of any 
state and the Lender selling or granting such participation shall otherwise comply with all federal and state securities 
laws applicable to such transaction, 

(fi)  no purchaser of such a participation shall be considered to be a "Lender" for any purpose under the Agreement, 

(iii) such  Lender's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrowers 
) shall remain unchanged, 

(iv)  such  Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, 

(y)   such  Lender  shall remain the holder of any Notes issued with respect to its Advances for all purposes of this 
Agreement, 


                                                   28 

(vi) the Borrowers,  the Agent and  the other Lenders shall contante to deal solely and directly with such Lender in 
connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, 

(vii) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any amendment  or waiver of  any 
provision of this Agreement or any Note, or any consent  to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, except to the 
extent that such amendment,  waiver or consent would reduce  the principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or 
other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, or postpone any date fixed for 
any payment  of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to 
the extent subject to such participation, and 

(viii) such Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on 
which it enters the narne and address of each purchaser of such a participation and the principal amounts (and stated 
interest) of each such Person's interest in its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
all or a portion of its Cornmitment, the Advances owing  to it and the Notes held by it, íf any) (the " Participant 
Register "); provided that such Lender shall not have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant 
Register (including the identity of any Person or any information relating to a Person's interest in any commitments, 
loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent that such 
disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form 
under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat eacb Person whose name  is recorded in the Participant 
Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this  Agreement notwithstanding  any notice to the 
contrary. The Borrower  agrees that each purchaser of such a participation shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 
2.14 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.14(e) (it being 
understood that the   documentation required under  Section  2.14(e) shall be delivered to the Lender  selling the 
participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 
2.20(a). 

(t)   Confidential Borrower Informen     .  Any Lender may,  in connection with any assignment or participation or 
proposed assignrnent or participation pursuant to this Section 2.20, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed 
assignee or participant, any information relating to the Borrowers furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of the 
Borrowers; provided  , however , that, prior to any such disclosure of Confidential Information, such Lender shall obtain 
the written consent of the Borrowers, and the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to 
preserve the confidentiality of any such Confidential Information received by it from such Lender except as disclosure 
may be required or appropriate to  governmental authorities, pursuant to legal process, or by law or  governmental 
regulation or authority. 

2.21  Extension   of Termination Date . 

(a)   Extension Request . TBC  may, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiary Borrowers, by written notice to the Agent in 
the form of Exhibit E (each such notice being 033 " Extension Request ") given no earlier than 60 days and no later 
than 45 days prior to the then applicable  Termination Date, request that the then applicable  Termination Date be 
extended to a date 364 days alter the then applicable Termination Date; provided , however , that TBC shall not have 
exercised the Term  Loan Conversion Option  for Comrnitted Advances outstanding  on such Termination  Date prior to 
such time. Such extension shall be effective with respect to each Lender which,  by a written notice in the form of 
Exhibit F (a " Continuation Notice ") to TBC and the Agent  given  no earlier than 45 days and no later than 28 days ( 
unless otherwise agreed by  TBC and the  Agent) prior to the then applicable Termination Date, consents, in its sole 
discretion, to such extension (each Lender giving a Continuation Notice being referred to sometimes as a " Continuing 
Lender " and  each Lender other than a Continuing Lender being a "    Non-Extending Lender "), provided , however , 
that such extension shall be effective only if the aggregate Cornmitments of the Continuing Lenders, together with the 


                                                  29 

Commitments  of the Replacement Lenders, are greater than 50% of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders on the 
date of the Extension Request.  No  Lender  shall have any obligation to consent to any such extension of the 
Termination Date. The Agent shall notify each Lender of the receipt of an Extension Request within three (3) Business 
Days after receipt thereof. The Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders no later than 15 days prior to the then 
applicable Termination Date whether the Agent has received Continuation Notices from Lenders holding more than 
50%  of the aggregate Commitments on the date of the Extension Request. 

(b)   Non-Extending   Lenders . The Commitment   of each Non-Extending  Lender shall terminate at the close of 
business on the Termination Date in effect prior to the delivery of such Extension Request without giving any effect to 
such proposed extension, and on such Termination Date TBC shall Cake one of the following three actions: 

(i)  Replace the Non-Extending Lenders pursuant to Section 2.21(c); or 

(ii) Pay  or cause to be paid to the Agent, for the account of the Non-Extending Lenders, an amount equal to the 
Non-Extending  Lenders' Committed Advances, together with accrued but unpaid interest and fees thereon and all other 
amounts then payable hereunder to the Non-Extending Lenders; or 

(iii) By  giving notice to the Agent no later than three days prior to the Termination Date in effect prior to the delivery 
of such Extension Request, elect not to extend the Termination Date beyond the then applicable Termination Date, and 
in this event the Borrowers may in their sole discretion repay any amount of the Committed Advances then outstanding 
or exercise the Term Loan Conversion Option with respect to the Committed Advances outstanding on the Termination 
Date in accordance with Section 2.3. 

(e)  Replacement  Leudas . A  Non-Extending Lender shall be obligated, at the request of TBC, to assign at any time 
prior to the close of business on the Termination Date applícable to such Non-Extending Lender all of its rights (other 
than rights that would survive the termination of the Agreement pursuant to Section 8.3) and obligations hereunder to 
one or more Lenders or other commercial banks nominated by  TBC and willing to become Lenders in place of such 
Non-Extending  Lender (the " Replacement   Lenders "). la order to qualify as a Replacement Lender, a Lender or 
lender must satisfy all of the requirements of this Agreement (including without linntation the terms of Section 2.20 
relating to Required Assignments). Such obligation of each Non-Extending Lenders is subject to such Non-Extending 
Lender's receiving (i) payment in full from the Replacement Lenders of the principal amount of all Advances owing to 
such Non-Extending Lender immediately prior to an assignment to the Replacement Lenders and (ii) payment in full 
from the relevant Borrowers of all accrued interest and fees and other amounts payable hereunder and then owing to 
such Non-Extending Lender immediately prior to the assignment to the Replacement Lenders. Upon such assignment, 
the Non-Extending Lender shall no longer be a Lender, such Replacement Lender shall become a Continuing Lender, 
and the Agent shall make appropríate entries in the Register to reflect the foregoing. 

2.22   Subsidiary  Borrowers 

(a)  Subsidiary Borrower Designation . TBC  may at any time, and from time to time, by delivery to the Agent of a 
Borrower  Subsidiary Letter   substantially in the form of Exhibit D, duly executed by TBC and the respective 
Subsidiary, designate such Subsidiary as a " Subsidiary Borrower  " for purposes of this Agreement, and  such 
Subsidiary shall thereupon become a "Subsidiary Borrower" for purposes of this Agreement and, as such, shall have all 
of the rights and obligations of a Borrower hereunder; proided that any designation of a Subsidiary that is organized 
under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America shall be made only upon 30 days prior notice to 
the Agent. The Agent shall promptly notífy each Lender of each such designation by TBC and the identity of the 
designated Subsidiary. As soon as possible and in any event within 10 Business Days after notice of the designation of 
a Subsidiary Borrower that is 


                                                30 

organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, any Lender that may not legally lend 
to such Subsidiary Borrower (a " Protesting Lender ") shall so notify TBC and the Agent in writing. With respect to 
each Protesting Lender, TBC shall, effective on or before the date that such Subsidiary Borrower shall have the right to 
borrow hereunder, either: 

(iv)  arrange for one or more  Lenders or other commercial banks to assume the  Commitment of such Protesting 
Lender; subject , however , to payment to the Agent by the assignor or the assignee of a processing and recording fee of 
$3,500, in the event the assuming tender is not a Lender; or 

(v) arrange for the  Commitment of  such Protesting Lender to be tenninated and all Committed Advances owed to 
such Lender lo be prepaid; 

subject, in either case, to payment in full of all principal, accrued and unpaid interest, fees, commissions and other 
amounts  payable  under this Agreement and then owing  to such Lender  immediately prior to the assignment or 
termination of the Commitment of such Lender. 

If the Company shall designate as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder any Subsidiary not organized under the laws of the 
United States or any State thereof, any Lender may, with notice to the Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment 
by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Subsidiary Borrower. 

(b)    TBC Consent to Subsidiary Borrower  Borrowings and Notices . No Advances  shall be made to a Subsidiary 
Borrower, and no  Conversion of any Advances at the request of a Subsidiary Borrower shall be effective, without, in 
each  and every  instance, the prior consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, which shall be evidenced by  the 
countersignature of TBC to the relevant Notice of Borrowing or notice of Conversion. In atklition, no notices which are 
to be delivered by a Borrower hereunder shall be effective, with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, unless the notice 
is countersigned by TBC. 

(c)    Subsidiary Borrower Tenninahon_Event . The occurrenee of  any of the following events with respect to any 
Subsidiary Borrower shall constitute a " Subddiary Borrower Termination Event " with respect to such Subsidiary 
Borrower: 

(ix) such Subsidíary Borrower ceases to be a Subsidiary; 

(x)  such Subsidiary Borrower is liquidated or dissolved; 

(xi) such Subsidiary Borrower fails to preserve and maintain its existence; 

(xii) such Subsidiar), Borrower merges or consolidates with or into another Person, or conveys, transfers, loases, or 
otherwise disposes of (whether in one transactíon or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of íts assets ( 
whether now  owned or hereafter acquired) to any Person (except that a Subsidiary Borrower may merge into or dispose 
of assets to another Borrower); 

(xiii)  any of the "Events of Default" described in Section 6.1(a) through (f) ocetu-s to or with respect to such 
Subsidiary Borrower as if such Subsidiary Borrower were "TBC"; or 

(xiv) the Guaranty with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower ceases, for any reason, to be valid and binding on TBC 
or TBC so states in writíng. 

(d)    Terminated  Subsidiary Borrower  Upon the  occurrence of a Subsidiary Borrower  Termination Event with 
respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower (a " Terminated Subsidiary Borrower ") shall cease 
to be a Borrower for purposes of this Agreement and shall no longer be entitled to request or 


borrow    Advances hereunder. Afi outstanding  Advances of a Terminated Subsidiary   Borrower shall be automatically 
due  and payable as of the date on which the Subsidiary Borrower  Termination Event  of such  Terminated Subsidiary 
Borrower   occurred, together  with accrued interest thereon and any other   amounts then due  and  payable by that 
Borrower   hereunder, unless, in the case of a Subsidiary Borrower Tennination Event described in  paragraph (iv) of 
Section 2.22(c), the other Person party to the transaction is a Borrower and such other Borrower has assumed in writing 
ah of  the outstanding Advances  and  other obligations under this   Agreement and  under the Notes, if any, of the 
Tenninated Subsidiary Borrower. 

(e)    TBC as Subsidiary Borrowers'  Aunt . Each of the Subsidiary Borrowers  hereby appoints and authorizes TBC to 
take  such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to TBC by 
the tercos hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

      Subsidiaries'   Several Liabilities . Notwithstanding anything in this  Agreement to the contrary, each of the 
Subsidiary Borrowers  shall be severally fiable for the liabilities and obligations of such Subsidiary Borrower under this 
Agreement  and  its Borrowings, and  Notes, if any. No Subsidiary Borrower sha  be fiable for the obligations of any 
other Borrower  under this Agreement or any Borrowings  of any other Borrower or any other Borrower's Notes, if any. 
Each Subsidiary Borrower shall be severally fiable for afi payments of the principal of and interest on Advances to such 
Subsidiary Borrower,  and any other amounts due hereunder that are specifically allocable to such Subsidiary Borrower 
or the Advances  to such Subsidiary Borrower. With respect to any amounts  due hereunder, including fees, that are not 
specifically allocable to a particular Borrower, each Borrower shall be fiable for such amount pro rata in the same 
proportion as such Borrower's  outstanding Advances bear to the total of thenoutstanding Advances to all Borrowers. 

2.23    Defaulting Lenders 

(a)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any payment of principal, interest, facility 
fees or other amounts received by the Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender under this Agreement  (whether 
voluntary  or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 6 or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times as may 
be reasonably  determined by the Agent  as follows: firat , to the payment of any amounts owing by  such Defaulting 
Lender  to the Agent hereunder; second , as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default exista), to the funding of 
any   Advance in respect of which  that Defaulting Lender  has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this 
Agreement,  as reasonably determined by the Agent; third , if so reasonably determined by the Agent and the Borrowers 
, to be held as cash collateral and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Advances 
under thís Agreement; fourdi , to the payment of any amounts  owing to  the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a 
court of  competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting 
Lender's  breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth , so long as no Default exista, to the payment of any 
amounts   owing to any Borrower  as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction  obtained by such 
Borrower   against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and .sixth ,  to such Defaulting Lender   or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; 
provided  that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Committed Advance in respect of which 
such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were mane at a time when the 
applicable conditions set forth in Article 3 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the 
Committed  Advances   of all Non-Defaulting Lenders  on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any 
Committed  Advances   of  such Defaulting Lender and  provided further  that any amounts held as cash collateral for 
funding obligations of a Defaulting  Lender sha]] be returned to such Defaulting Lender upon the termination of this 
Agreement  and  the satisfaction of such Defaulting Lender' s obligations hereunder. Any payments,  prepayments  or 
other amounts paid or payable  to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting 
Lender  or to  post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.23 shall be  deemed paid to and  redirected by  such 
Defaulting Lender, and each  Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 


                                                   32 

(b)   No  Revolving  Credit Commitment  of any  Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as 
otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.23, performance by the Borrowers of their obligations shall not be 
excused  or otherwise modified as a result of the operation of this Section 2.23. The rights and remedies against a 
Defaulting Lender under this Section 2.23 are in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Borrowers, the 
Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 

(c) If the Borrowers and the Agent agree in writing in their reasonable determination that a Defaulting Lender should 
no longer be deemed  to be a Defaulting Lender, the Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the 
effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements 
with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding 
Advances  of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the 
Advances  to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their ratable portions, whereupon such 
Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to 
fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of any   Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and 
provided  further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder 
from  Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from 
such Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. 

                                                 ARTICLE 3 
                                       Representations and  Warranties 

3.1    Representations and Warranties by the Borrowers .  Each of the Borrowers representa and warrants as follows 


(f)  Corporate Standing . TBC is a duly organized corporation existing in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware. Each Subsidiary Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization, and each of TBC and each Subsidiary Borrower is qualified to do business in every 
jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material 
adverse effect on the fmancial condition of TBC and the Subsidiary Borrowers as a whole. 

(g)  Corporate Powers:  Governmental Approvats . The  execution and delivery and the performance of the terms of 
this Agreement are, and the execution and delivery and the performance  of the terms of any Notes and of each 
Guaranty  will be, within the corporate powers of each Borrower party thereto, have been or will have been (as 
appropriate) duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, have, or will have, received (as appropriate) all 
necessary governmental  approval, if any (which approval, if any, remains in fuil force and effect), and do not 
contravene any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of any Borrower party thereto, or do not 
contravene any law   or any contractual restriction binding on any Borrower party thereto, except where  such 
contravention would not have a material adverse effect on the fmancial condition of TBC and íts Subsidiarios, taken as 
a whole. 

(h)   Enforceability . This Agreement and the Notes, if any, when duly executed and delivered by each Borrower party 
thereto, will constítute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in 
accordance with their respective terms, and each Guaranty, when duly executed and delivered by TBC, will constitute a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of TBC, enforceable against TBC in accordance with its tercos, subject to general 
equitable principies and except as the enforceability thereof may be lirnited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights. 


                                                 33 

(i)   No Material Pending or Threatened Actions . In TBC's opinion, there are no pending or threatened actions or 
proceedings before any court or administrative agency (i) other than as disclosed in TBC's filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission,  that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or 
operations of the Company which is likely to materially impair the ability of the Company to repay the Advances or (ü) 
which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement or the Advances. 

(j)   Consolidated Statements . The Consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2014 and the 
related Consolidated statement of earnings and retained earnings for the year then ended (copies of which have been 
furnished to each Lender) correctly set forth the Consolidated financial condition of TBC and its Subsidiaries as of 
such date and the result of the Consolidated operations for such year. The Consolidated statement of financial position 
as of September 30, 2015 and the related Consolidated statement of earnings and retained earnings for the nine month 
period then ended (copies of which have been fumished to each Lender) correctly set forth, subject to year-end audit 
adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of TBC and its Subsidiaries as of such date and the result of the 
Consolidated operations for such nine month period. 

(k)   Regulation U . No  Borrower is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or 
carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System,  and no proceeds of any Advance will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to 
others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock. Following application of the proceeds of each 
Advance, not more than 25 percent of the value of the assets (either of any Borrower only or of each Borrower and its 
subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 4.2(a) or subject to any restriction contained 
in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower  and any tender or any Affiliate of a Lender relating to Debt 
within the scope of Section 6.1(d) will be margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 

(1)   inveatment Company Act . No Borrower is an "investment company," or an "affiliated person" of, or "promotor" 
or "principal underwriter" for, an "investrnent company," as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by 
any Borrower, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated hereby, will violate any provision of such 
Act or any rule, regulation or arder of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. 

(m)   No Material Adverse Change . Except as disclosed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior 
to the date hereof, there has been no material adverse change in the Company's financial condition or results of 
operations since December 31, 2014 that is likely to impair the ability of the Company to repay the Advances. 

(n)   Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions  . TBC has implemented  and maintains in effect policies and procedures 
designed to promote compliance with  Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions by TBC, its Subsidiaries and 
their respective directors, officers, employees and , to the extent commercially reasonable, agents under the control and 
acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiarles, and TBC, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and 
to the knowledge of TBC its directors and agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries, are 
in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable  Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) TBC, any 
Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of TBC, any agent under 
the control and acting on behalf of TBC or any Subsidiary in connection with the credit facility established hereby, is a 
Sanctioned Person. 





                                                 34 

                                                   ARTICLE 4 


                                                Covenants   of TBC 

4.1   Affirmative   Covenants  of TBC  . From the  date of this Agreement and so long as any amount is payable by a 
Borrower  to any  Lender hereunder or any  Commitment is outstanding, TBC will: 

(b)   Periodic Reporte . Furnish to the Lenders: 

(1)   withín 60  days alter the close of each of the first three quarters of each of TBC's fiscal years, a Consolidated 
statement of financial position of  TBC   and the Subsidiaries as of the end  of such  quarter and a   Consolidated 
comparative  statement of earnings and retained earnings of TBC and the Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the 
end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, each certified by an authorized officer of TBC, 

(2)   within 120 days after the close of each of TBC's fiscal years, and with respect to any quarter thereof, if requested 
in writing by the Majority Lenders (with a copy to the Agent), within 60 days after the later of (x) the close of any of 
the first three quarters thereof subject of such request and (y) such request, a statement certified by an authorized 
officer of TBC showing   in detall the computations required by the provisions of Sections 4.2(a) and 4.2(b), based on 
the figures which appear on the books of account of TBC and the Subsidiaries at the close of such quarters, 

(3)   within 120 days after the clase of each of TBC's fiscal years, a copy of the annual audit report of TBC, certified 
by independent public accountants of nationaily recognized standing, together with financial statements consisting of a 
Consolidated   statement of financial position of TBC and  the Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and a 
Consolidated statement of earnings and retained eamings of TBC and the Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, 

(4)   within 120 days after the close of each of TBC's fiscal years, a statement certified by the independent public 
accountants  who shall have prepared the corresponding audit report furnished to the Lenders pursuant to the provisions 
of clause (3) of this subsection (a), to the effect that, in the course of preparing such audit report, such accountants had 
obtained  no  knowledge, except as specífically stated, that TBC had been in violation of the provisions of any une of 
Sections 4.2(a), 4.2(b), 4.2(c) and 4.2(d), at any time during such fiscal year, 

(5)   promptly upon  their becoming available, all financial statements, reports and proxy statements which TBC sends 
to its stockholders, 

(6)   promptly upon  their  becoming available, 11 regular and periodic financial reports which TBC or any Subsidiary 
files with the Securities and Exchange  Commission or any national securities exchange, 

(7)   within 3 Business Days after the discovery of the occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default, notice of 
such  occurrence together with a detailed statement by a responsible officer of TBC of the steps being taken by TBC or 
the appropriate Subsidiary to cure the effect of such event, and 

(8)   such other information respecting the financial condition and operations of TBC or the Subsidiaries as the Agent 
may   from time to time reasonably request. 

In lieu of fumishing the Lenders the items referred to in clauses (1), (3), (5) and (6) aboye, the Company may make 
available such items  on the   Company's website at www.boeing.com   ,  at www.sec.gov or  at such other website as 
notified to the Agent and the Lenders,  which shall be deemed  to have satisfied the requirement of delivery of such 
items in accordance with this Section. 


                                                   35 

(e)    Payment  of  Taxes  , El . Duly pay and discharge, and cause  each Subsidiary duly to pay and discharge, all 
material taxes,  assessments and govemmental   charges  upon  it or against its properties prior to a date which is 5 
Business   Days after the date on which penalties are attached thereto, except and to the extent only that the same shall 
be contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings by TBC or the appropriate Subsidiary. 

(d)    Insurance   Maintain, and cause  each Subsidiary  to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance 
companies  or  associations, insurance of the kinds, covering the risks and in the relative proportionate amounts usually 
carried by companies  engaged in businesses similar to that of TBC or such Subsidiary, except, to the extent consistent 
with  good business practices, such insurance may be provided by TBC  through its program of self insurance. 

(e)    Corporate Existente . Preserve and maintain its corporate existence. 

(t)    Material Compliance With   Laws . Comply, and cause each Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with all 
applicable taus (including ERISA   and applicable environmental laws), except to the extent that failure to so comply 
would  not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations of the Company;  and maintain in 
effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws  and applicable Sanctions by 
TBC,   its Subsidiaries and theír respective directors, officers, employees and, to the extent commercially reasonable, 
agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries. 

4.2    General  Negative  Covenants  of TBC  . From  the date of this Agreement  and so long as any  amount shall be 
payable by TBC   or any other Borrower  to any Lender hereunder or any    Commitment shall be outstanding, TBC will 
not: 

(b)    Mortgages ,  Liens , E.L. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any mortgage, piedge, lien, security interest or 
other  charge or encumbrance (including the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor) upon or with respect 
to any of  its Property, Plant and Equipment, or upon or with respect to  the Property, Plant and Equipment of  any 
Subsidiary, or assign or otherwise convey, or permit any Subsidiary to assign or otherwise convey, any right to receive 
income  from or with respect to its Property, Plant and Equipment, except 

(1)  liens in connection with workmen's compensation,   unemployment  insurance or other social security obligations; 

(2)    liens securing the performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed tnoney), 
leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, liens to secure progress or partial payments made to TBC or such 
Subsidiary and  other liens of like nature made in the ordinary course of business; 

(3)   mechanics',  workmen's,  materialmen's or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of 
obligations which  are not due or which are being contested in good faith; 

(4)  liens for taxes not yet due or being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings by TBC or the affected 
Subsidiary; 

(5)  liens which arise in connection with the leasing of equipment in the ordinal.), course of business; 

(6)  liens on Property, Plant and Equipment owned  by TBC  or any  Subsídiary of TBC existing on  September 30, 2015 



                                                   36 

(7)   liens on assets of a  Person existing at the time such Person  is merged  into or consolídated with TBC or  a 
Subsidiary  of TBC or at the time of purchase, lease, or acquisition of the property or Voting Stock of such Person as an 
entirety or substantially as an entirety by TBC or a Subsidiary of TBC, whether or not any Debt secured by such liens 
is  assumed by   TBC or such Subsidiary, provided that such líen are not created in anticipation of such purchase, lease, 
acquisition or merger; 

(8)   liens securing Debt of a Subsidiary of TBC owing to TBC or to another Subsidiary; 

(9)   liens on assets existing at the time of acquisition of such property by TBC or a Subsidiary of TBC or purchase 
money  liens to secure the payment of all or part of the purchase price of property upon acquisition of such assets by 
TBC   or such Subsidiary or to secure any Debt incurred or guaranteed by TBC or a Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or 
within  one year after the later of the acquisition, completion or construction (including any improvements on existing 
property), or    commencement of full operation, of such property, which Debt ís incurred or guaranteed solely for the 
purpose  of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or construction or improvements thereon; provided , 
however  , that ín the case of any such acquisition, construction or ímprovement, the lien shall not apply to any property 
theretofore owned  by TBC   or  such Subsidiary other than, in the case of such construction  or improvement,   any 
theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed or the improvement made is located; 

(10)  liens securing obligations of TBC or a Subsidiary incurred in conjunction with industrial revenue bonds or other 
instruments utilized in connection  with incentive structures for tax purposes  issued for the benefit of TBC or  a 
Subsidiary  in connection with any Property, Plant and Enuipment used by TBC or a Subsidiary; 

(11)    any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part 
of any lien referred to in the foregoing; provided , howeyer , that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not 
exceed  the principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement and that such 
extension, renewal  or replacement shall be limited to all or any part of the property that secured the lien so extended, 
renewed  or replaced (plus improvements and construction on such property); and 

(12)  other liens, charges and encumbrances, so long as the aggregate amount of the Consolidated Debt for which all 
such liens, charges and encumbrances serve as security does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

(c)     Consolidated Debt  Permit its Consolidated Debt (subject to Section 4.3) to be at any time more than 60% of 
Total Capital, where " Total Capital " mearas the sum of shareholders' equity and Consolidated Debt of TBC, provided 
that any accumulated other comprehensive   income and loss will be excluded. 

(d)   Payment  in Violation of an Agreement . Make  any   payment, or permit any Subsidiary to make any payment, of 
principal or interest, on any Debt which payment would constitute a violation of the terms of this Agreement or of the 
tercos of any indenture or agreement binding on such corporation or to which such corporation is a party except to the 
extent such payment  is not likely to impair the ability of TBC to repay the Advances. 

(e)   Merger or Consolidation . Merge or  consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, tease, or otherwise dispose of ( 
whether  in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or 
bereafter acquired) to any Person except that  TBC may merge  or consolidate with any Person  so long as TBC is the 
surviving  corporation and no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and except that any 
direct or indirect Subsidiary of TBC may merge  or consolidate with or into, or dispose of assets to, TBC or any other 
direct or indirect Subsidiary of TBC, provided , in each 


                                                   37 

case, that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such proposed transaction or would result 
therefrom. 

(1)   Use of Proceeds . Directly use, or knowingly indirectly use, or permit its Subsidiaries and its or their respective 
directors, officers, employees and agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries to directly 
use, or  knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, 
or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in (x) violation of the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices  Act of 1977, as arnended, or (y) material violation of any other Anti-Corruption Laws, (fi) 
for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in 
any  Sanctioned Country except to the extent licensed, authorized or otherwise permitted under applicable law. 

4.3    Financial Statement  Terma  . For  purposes of Section 4.2(b), (a) ad accounting terms shall exclude amounts 
attributable to Boeing Capital  Corporation  and its Subsidiaries  and Boeing  Financial Corporation, a    Delaware 
corporation; and (b) Total Capital shall exclude the effects of (i) any merger-related accounting adjustments which are 
attributable to the merger with or acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corporation  by  TBC and (ii) any repurchase by 
TBC of its   common stock from the date of the merger with or acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corporation by  TBC. 

4.4     Waivers of Covenants  . The departure by TBC or any Subsidiary from the requirements of any of the provisions 
of this Article 4 shall be permitted only if such departure has been consented to in advance in a writing signed by the 
Majority  Lenders, and  such writing shall be effective as a consent only to the specific departure described in such 
writing. Such departure by    TBC or any  Subsidiary when properly consented   to by the Majority Lenders shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.1(c). 



                                                   ARTICLE 5 
                                       Conditions  Precedent  to   Borrowings 

5.1    Conditions  Precedent   to the lnitial Borrowing of  TBC  . The obligation of each Lender to  make íts initial 
Advance  to  TBC is subject to receipt by the Agent on or before the day of the initial Borrowing of all of the foliowing, 
each dated as of the day hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel: 

(b)   Documentation,  . Copies of all documents, certified by an offic,er of TBC, evidencing nccessary corporate action 
by TBC   and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement, to the Notes, if any, and to Guaranties to 
be delivered by TBC pursuant to Section  5.4(e); 

(c)   Officer"s Certficate . A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC which certifies the narres of 
the officers of TBC authorized to sign this Agreement, the  Notes, if any, and the other documents to be  delivered 
hereunder, together with true specimen signatures  of such officers and facsimile signatures of officers authorized to 
sign by facsimile signature (on which certificate each Lender may conclusively rely until it receives a further certificate 
of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC canceling or amending the prior certificate and submitting specimen 
signatures of the officers named in such further certificate); 

(d)     Opinion of Company   Counsel . A favorable opinion of in-house counsel for TBC  substantially in the forro of 
Exhibit G; 

(e)    Opinion  of Agent's   Counsel . A  favorable opinion of Shearman   &  Sterling LLP,  counsel for  the Agent, 
substantiaily in the form of Exhibit H; 


                                                   38 

(f)   Termination of 2011 Credit  Agreement  TBC  shall have terminated in whole the commitments of the banks 
parties to the 2011 Credit Agreement; and 

(g)   Satisfaction of 2011 Credit Agreement Obligations  TBC and its Subsidiaries shall have satisfied all of their 
respective obligations under the 2011 Credit Agreement including, without limitation, the payment of all fees under 
such agreement. 

(h)   £YC Material s . To the extent that the applicable information is not available from the Company's website at 
www.boeing.com  ,  at www.sec,gov or at such other website as notified to the Agent and the Lenders, TBC shall have 
provided such materials and information as are reasonably necessary for each Lender to conduct know-your-customer 
due diligence, provided such information is reasonably requested by such Lender in writing at least five Business Days 
prior to the Effe,ctive Date. 

5.2   Conditions   Precedent to Each Committed     Borrowing of  TBC . The obligation of each Lender to make a 
Committed  Advance on the occasion of each Committed Borrowing (including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the 
further conditions precedent that on the date of the request for a Commítted Borrowing and on the date of such 
Borrowing,  the following statements shall be true, and both the giving of the applicable Notice of Committed 
Borrowing and the acceptance by TBC of the proceeds of such Committed Borrowing shall be a representation by TBC 
that: 

(b)   the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than 
clause (i) of subsection (d) there«) are true and accurate on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each 
such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date); and 

(c)   as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Committed 
Borrowing, which constitutes a Default. 

5.3   Conditions Precedent  to Each Bid Borrowing of TBC  . The obligation of any Lender to make a Bid Advance 
on the occasion of a Bid Borrowing (including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(b)   Notice of Bid Borrowing  The Agent shall have received the written confumatory Notice of Bid Borrowing with 
respect thereto; 

(c)   Bid Notes . On or before the date of such Bid Borrowing, but prior to such Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have 
received a Bid Note payable to the order of such Lender for each of the one or more Bid Advances to be made by such 
Lender as pan of such Bid Borrowing, in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Bid Advance to be 
evidenced thereby and otherwise on such tercos as were agreed to for such Bid Advance in accordance with Section 2.5 


(d)   periodie Reports . Each Lender intending to make a Bid Advance shall have received the statements provided (or 
deemed provided) by TBC pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(1), (2) and (3); and 

(e)   gepresentations . On the date of such request and the date of such Borrowing, the foliowing statements shall be 
trae, and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by TBC of the proceeds of such 
Bid Borrowing shall be a representation by TBC that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause 
(i) of subsection (d) thereof) are true and accurate on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such 
date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date); and 


                                                 39 

(ii)  as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Bid Borrowíng, 
which constitutes a Default. 

5.4   Conditions  Precedent to the Initial Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower . The obligation of each Lender to 
make  its initial Advance to any particular Subsidiary Borrower is subject to the receipt by the Agent, on or before the 
day of the initial Borrowing by such Subsidiary Borrower, of all of the following, each dated on or prior to the day of 
the initial Borrowing, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel: 

(b)   Dorrower  Subsidiary Letter . A Borrower Subsidiary Letter, substantially in the forro of Exhibit D, executed by 
such Subsidiary Borrower and TBC; 

(c)   Documentation   . Copies of all documents, certified by an officer of the Subsidiary Borrower, evidencing 
necessary corporate action by the Subsidiary Borrower and governmental  approvals, if any, with respect to this 
Agreement and  any Notes; 

(d)   Officerlslertifteate . A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC or the Subsidiary Borrower 
which certifies the names of the officers of the Subsidiary Borrower authorized to sign the Notes and the other 
documents to be delivered hereunder, together with true specimen signatures of such officers and facsimile signatures 
of officers authorized to sign by facsimile signature (on which certificate each Lender may conclusively rely until it 
receives a further certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC or the Subsidiary Borrower canceling or 
amending  the prior certificate and submitting signatures of the officers named in such further certificate); 

(e)     Opiniou Jaf Subsidiary Counsel . A favorable opinion of in-house  counsel to the Subsidiar), Borrower, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit 1 and as to such other matters as Me Agent may reasonably request; 

(f)   TBC   Guaranty . A Guaranty of TBC  that unconditionally guarantees the payment of all obligations of such 
Subsídiary Borrower hereunder and under the Notes of such Subsidiary Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit J 
, executed and delivered by TBC to the Agent; 

(g)   Opinion  otTBC Comise] . A favorable opinion of in-house counsel to TBC, substantially in the forro of Exhibit 
K and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably request; and 

(h)   KYC   Material . To the extent that the applicable infonnation is not available from die Company's website at 
www.boeing.com  , at www.sec.gov or at such other website as notified to the Agent and the Lenders, TBC shall have 
provided such materials and information as are reasonably necessary for each Lender to conduct know-your-customer 
due diligente, provided such information is reasonably requested by such Lender in writing at least five Business Days 
prior to the initial Borrowing or initial issuance for the account of such Subsidiary Borrower. 

5.5   Conditions  Precedent to Each    Committed Borrowing  of a Subsidiary Borrower   . The obligation of each 
Lender to make  a Committed Advance  to a Subsidiary Borrower  on the occasion of each Committed  Borrowing ( 
including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of the request for such 
Committed Borrowing  and the date of such Borrowing, the following statements shall be true, and each of the giving of 
the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing and the acceptance by such Subsidiary Borrower of the proceeds of 
such  Committed Borrowing shall be (a) a representation by such Subsidiary Borrower that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties of that Subsidiary Borrower contained (A) in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) 
of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are trae and accurate on 


                                                 40 

and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and 
warranties relate solely to an earlier date), and (8) in its Borrower Subsidiary Letter are true and correct on and as of 
the date of such Borrowing, before and alter giving effect to such Borrowing; and 

(ii) as  of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Conunitted 
Borrowing, which constitutes a Default; 

and (b) a representation by TBC that the representations and warranties of TBC contained in subsections (a) through (g 
) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are true and accurate on and as of each such date 
as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely 
to an earlier date), and that, as of each such date, no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the 
proposed Committed  Borrowing, which constitutes a Default. 

5.6   Conditions  Precedent  to Each Bid  Borrowing of a Subsidiary  Borrower .The obligation of any Lender to 
make a  Bid Advance to any particular Subsidia' Borrower on the occasion of each  Bid Borrowing (including the 
initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(i)  Notice of Bid Borrowing . The Agent shall have received the wrítten confirmatory Notice of Bid Borrowíng with 
respect thereto; 

(j)  Bi     tes On or before the date of such Bid Borrowing, but prior to such Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have 
received a Bid Note payable to the orden of such Lender for each of the one or more Bid Advances to be made by such 
Lender  as part of such Bid Borrowing, in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Bid Advance to be 
evidenced thereby and otherwise on such tercos as were agreed to for such Bid Advance in accordance with Section 2.5 


(k)  Periodic Reports . Each Lender intending te make a Bid Advance shall have received the statements provided (or 
deemed provided) by  TBC pursuant to Section 4.1(aX1), (2) and (3); and 

(1)  Subsidiary Representations . On the date of such request and the date of such Borrowíng, the following statements 
shall be true, and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Bid Borrowing and the acceptance by the Subsidiary of 
the proceeds of such Bid Borrowing shall be (a) a representation by such Subsidiary Borrower that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties contained (A) in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than 
clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower are true and accurate on and as of each 
such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties 
relate solely to an earlier date), and (13) in its Borrower Subsidiary Letter are true and correct on and as of the date of 
such Borrowing, before and alter giving effect to such Borrowing; and 

(ii) as  of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Bid Borrowing 
which constitutes a Default. 

(m)     TBC Representation . A representation by TBC that the representations and warranties of TBC contaíned in 
subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are trae and accurate 
on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations 
and  warranties relate solely te an earlier date), and that, as of each such date, 


                                                 41 

no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Committed Borrowing which constitutes a 
Default. 



                                                ARTICLE 6 


                                               Events of Default 

6.1  Events of Default . Each of the foliowing shall constitute an Event of Default: 

(j)  Failure by TBC to make  when due any payment of principal of or ínterest on any Advance or under a Guaranty 
when the same  becomes due and payable and such failure is not remedied within 5 Business Days thereafter; 

(k)  Any  representation or warranty made by TBC in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
the Borrowings or any Guaranty, or otherwise furnished pursuant hereto proves to have been incorrect when made in 
any material respect; 

     Failure by TBC to perform any other temí, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, and such failure is 
not remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to TBC by the Agent, at the request, or with the 
consent, of the Majority L,enders; 

(m)   Failure by   TBC to pay when due  (i) any obligation for the payment of borrowed money on any regularly 
scheduled payment date or following acceleration thereof or (ii) any other monetary obligation if, in the case of either 
of clauses (i) or (ii), the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the obligations with respect to which such failure to pay 
or acceleration occurred equals or exceeds $150,000,000 and such failure is not remedied within 5 Business Days after 
TBC  receíves notice thereof from the Agent or the creditor on such obligation; 

(n)  TBC or any of its Subsidiaries 

(1)  incurs liability with respect to any employee pension benetit plan in excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate 
under 

(A)  Sections 4062, 4063, 4064 or 4201 of ERISA; or 

(B)  otherwise under Title IV of ERISA as a result of any reportable event within the meaning of ERISA (other than a 
reportable event as to which the provision of 30 days' notice is waived under applicable regulations); 

(2)  has a lien imposed on its property and rights to property under Section 4068 of ERISA on account of a liability in 
excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate; or 

(3)  incurs liability under Titie IV of ERISA 

(A)  in excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate having filed a 
notice of intent to terminate any employee pension benefit plan under the "distress termínation" provision of Section 
4041 of ERISA, or 

(B)  in excess of  $150,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation having 
instituted proceedings to termínate, or to have a trustee appointed to administer, any such plan; 


                                                42 

      The happening of any of the following events, provided such event has not then been cured or stayed: 

      the cessation by TBC of the payment of its Debts as they matare, 

      the making  of an assignment for the benefit of the creditors of TBC, 

      the appointment of a trustee or receiver or liquidator for TBC or for a substantial part of its property, or 

(4)   the institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or similar proceedings by or against TBC 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in which TBC is organized or has material business, operations or assets and, in the 
case  of any such  proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain 
undismissed  or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without 
limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for, it or any substantial part of its property and assets) shall occur; or 

(p)   So  long as any Subsidiary is a Borrower hereunder, the Guaranty with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower for 
any reason ceases to be valid and binding on TBC  or TBC so states in writing. 

6.2   Lenders'  Rights  upon    Borrower Default . If an Event of Default occurs or is continuing, then the Agent shall 
at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to TBC, 

(f)   declare the oblígation of each Lender to  make further Advances to be terminated, whereupon   the  same shall 
forthwith terminate, and 

(g)   declare the Advances, all interest thereon, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due 
and payable,   whereupon the Advances, sil such interest, and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due 
and payable, without  presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by the Borrowers,   provided , hoy=   , that in the event of an actual entry or, in the case of the institution by 
TBC   of a proceeding described in Section 6.1(f)(4), a deemed entry, of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower 
under the Federal Bankruptcy  Code (whether in connection  with a voluntary or an involuntary case), (i) the obligation 
of each Lender to make Advances  shall automatically be terminated and (ii) the payment obligations of the Borrowers 
with  respect to Advances, all such interest, and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, 
without  presentment, demand, protest, or any  notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived  by the 
Borrowers. 

                                                  ARTICLE 7 
                                                    The   Agent 

7.1   Appointment    and  Authority . Each Lender (in íts capacity as a Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to 
act on its behalf as the Agent hereunder and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such 
powers as are  delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are  reasonably 
incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, and the 
Borrowers shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that 
the use of the term "agent" herein (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any 
fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such 
term  is used as a master of market custom, and is  intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship 
between  contracting parties. 


                                                   43 

7.2    Rights as a Lender  . The Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its 
capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as  though it were not the Agent, and the term " 
Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits 
from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generaily 
engage in any kind of business with, the Company or any Subsidiary or  other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were 
not the Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

7.3  Eaculpatory    Provisions 

(n)   The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein, and its duties hereunder 
shall be administrativo in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent: 

(iii) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is 
continuing; 

(iv)    shall not have any   duty to take any discretionary action or  exercise any  discretionary powers,  except 
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Agent is required to exercíse as directed in 
writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for 
herein); provided that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, 
may expose the Agent to liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law, including for the avoidance of 
doubt  any action that may be  in violation of the automatic stay under any debtor relief law or that may effect a 
forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law; and 

(v)  shall not, except as expressly set forth herein, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be fiable for the failure to 
disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtaíned by the 
Person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; 

provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice 
given to it by the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  The  Agent further agrees to make a request 
pursuant to Section 4.1(aX8) at the request of any Lender, and to share such requested information with the Lenders. 

(o)  The  Agent shall not be Hable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the 
Majority  Lenders (or such other number  or percentage of the Lenders  as shall be necessary, or as the Agent shall 
believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.1 and 6.2), or (ii) in the 
absence of its own gross negligence or willful nusconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final 
and nonappealable judgment. The   Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice 
describing such Default is given to the Agent in writing by the Company or a Lender. 

(p)   The Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or 
representation mute  in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contento of any certificate, report or other 
document  delivered  hereunder or in  connection herewith or the  adequacy, accuracy  and/or    completeness of the 
information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms 
or conditions set forth herein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv)  the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or 
genuineness of this Agreement  or any other agreement,  instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any 
Lien or security interest created or purported to be created 


                                                  44 

hereby, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth ín Article 5 or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the 
foregoing  clause (fi)) to confirm receipt of iteras expressly required to be delivered to the Agent. 

7.4   Reliance  by  Agent  . The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, 
any  notice, request, certifícate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic 
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, 
sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to  it orally or 
by telephone  and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying 
thereon. In determining compliance with  any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance  that by its tercos must 
be  fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender 
urden  the  Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The 
Agent  may   consult with legal counsel (who may  be counsel  for the Borrower), independent accountants  and other 
experts selected by it, and shall not be fiable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any 
such counsel, accountants or experts. 

7.5   Indemnification 

(d)   Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Agent in its capacity as Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by TBC or any 
other  Borrower), from and against its ratable share of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, 
actions, judgtnents, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, 
incurred by, or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or 
omitted by the Agent under this Agreement (collectively, the " Indemnified Costs "), provided that no Lender shall be 
fiable for any portion of the Indemnified Costs resulting from the Agent's gross negligence or willful  misconduct. 
Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Agent promptly upon demand   for its ratable 
share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparatiort 
execution, delivery, administration, modification,   amendment or  enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal 
proceedings or otberwise)  of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement to the extent 
that the Agent ís not reimbursed for such expenses by TBC or any other Borrower. 

(e)   The failure of any Lender to reimburse the  Agent  promptly upon    demand for its ratable share of any amount 
required to be paíd by the Lenders to the Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation 
hereunder  to reimburse the Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure 
of any other Lender to reimburse the Agent for such other Lender's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to 
the survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Lender contained 
in this Section 7.5 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and 
under  the Notes. The Agent agrees to return to the Lenders their respective ratable sitares of any amounts paid under 
Chis Section 7.5 that are subsequently reimbursed by TBC or any Borrower. In the case of any investigation, litigation 
or  proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Costs, this Section 7.5 applies whether any such investigation, litígation 
or  proceeding is brought by the Agent, any Lender or a third party. 

7.6   Resignation of  Agent 

(b)    The Agent  may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company. Upon receipt of any 
such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right with the consent of the Company (if no Event of 
Default  has occurred and  is continuing), such consent  not to be  unreasonably withheld or delayed, to  appoint a 
successor,  which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affíliate of any such bank with an office in 
the United States. If no such successor shall have been so 


                                                   45 

appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days alter the retiring Agent 
gives notice of its resignation (or such earlíer day as shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders) (the " Resignation 
Effective Date "), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a 
successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth aboye with the consent of the Company (if no Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Whether or not a successor has 
been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective 
Date. 

(c)  If the Person serving as Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (y) of the definition thereof, the Majority 
Lenders  may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in wrifing to the Company and such Person remove 
such Person as Agent and, with the consent of the Company (if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), 
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so 
appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as 
shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders) (the ",Removal Effective Date "), then such removal shall nonetheless become 
effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(d)  With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or 
removed  Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (except that in the case of any collateral 
security held by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder, the retiring or removed Agent shall continue to hold 
such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and 
determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, 
until such time, if any, as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for aboye. Upon the acceptance 
of a successor's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the 
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Agent, and the retiring or removed Agent shall be 
discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Agent 
shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. 
Alter the retixing or removed Agent's resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.4 
shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Agent, its subagents and their respective Related 
Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of thern while the retiring or removed Agent was 
acting as Agent. 

7.7     Delegadon  of Duties . The Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers 
hereunder by or through any one or more subagents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such subagent may 
perform  any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The 
exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such subagent and to the Related fintes of the Agent and any 
such subagent. 

7.8  Non-Reliance  on  Agent and Other  Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without 
reliance upon the Agent or any  other Lender or any of their Related Parties and hased on such  documents and 
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each 
Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any 
of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, 
continuo to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon Ibis Agreement or any related 
agreement or any docuznent furnished hereunder. 

7.9   No Other  Duties, etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, 
Syndication Agents or   Documentation Agents Usted  on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or 
responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Agent or a Lender hereunder. 


                                                 46 

                                                ARTICLE 8 
                                                Miseellaneons 

8.1   Modificadon, Consents  and   Waivers 

(b)   Waiver  No failure or delay on the part of any Lender in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as 
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder. No notice to or demand on the Borrowers in any 
case shall entitle the Borrowers to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

(c)      Amendment . No amendment  or  waiver of any provision of this Agreement, any Committed Notes  or any 
Guaranties, nor consent to any departure by the Borrowers therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless such 
amendment,  waiver or consent is in writing and signed by the Company and the Majority Lenders, and then such 
amendment,  waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which 
given; provided , bowever , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall do any of the following: 

(xv)  waive any of the conditions specified in Section 5.1 or 5.4, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, 

(xvi)  except as provided in Section 2.19 or Section 2.21, increase or extend the Commitments of the Lenders or 
subject the Lenders to any additional obligations, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby, 

(xvii) reduce the principal of, or rete of interest on, the Committed Advances or any fees or other amounts payable 
bereunder, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby, 

(xviii) except as provided in Section 2.21, postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the 
Committed   Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, unless in writing and signed by each Lender 
directly affected thereby, 

(xix)  change the  percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Committed 
Advances or the number of Lenders  required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder, or the 
definition of "Majority Lenders", unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, 

(xx) arnend this Section 8.1, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, or 

(xxi)  release TBC   from any of its obligations under any Guaranty or  lirnit the liability of TBC as guarantor 
thereunder, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders; 

and provided further that no amendment, waiver, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Agent in addirion 
to the Lenders required aboye to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Agent under this Agreement or any 
Note. 

(d)   Majnátaenders   . Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8.1 shall not affect the provisions of Section 4.4, 
"Waivers of Covenants", or Anide 6, "Events of Default". 


                                                47 

8.2  Notices . 

(c)    Addresses Ml  communications  and notices   provided for hereunder shall be in writing and mailed, telecopied, 
telexed or delívered and, 

if to the Agent, as set forth on Schedule II; 

if to any Borrower, 

cate of The Boeing Company 
100 N. Riverside 
Mail Code: 5003 3648 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
Attention: Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Finance and Banking 
facsimile number (312) 544-2399 

if to any Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office; or, 

as to each party, at such other address as designated by such party in a written notice to each other party referring 
specifically to this Agreement. 

(d)   EffeclivenQss of Notices . AIl communications and notices shall, when mailed, telecopied, or telexed, be effective 
when  deposited in the mail, telecopied, or confirmed by telex answerback, respectively, provided that delivery of the 
items referred to in clauses (1), (3), (5) and (6) of Section 4.1(a) shall be effective when deemed to have been delivered 
as provided in such Section. Delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any arnendment  or waiver  of any 
provision of this Agreement or any Notes or of any Exhibit to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as 
delivety of a manual ly executed counterpart thereo£ 

(e)  Electronic Mail . Electronic mail may be used to distribute routine communications, such as financial statements 
and other  information, and documents to be   signed by the parties hereto; provided ,  however , that no Notice of 
Borrowing, signature, or other notice or document intended to be legally binding shall be effective if sent by electronic 
mail. 

(f)  Internet Distributions 

(1)  So long as Citibank  or any of its Affiliates is the Agent, such materials as may be agreed between the Borrowers 
and the Agent   may be delivered to the Agent in an electronic medium in a format acceptable to the  Agent  and the 
Lenders by e-mail  at oploanswebadtnin@citigroup.com.   The Borrowers agree that the Agent  may make such materials, 
as well as any other written information, documents, instruments and other material relating to the Company, any of its 
Subsidiaries or any other materials or  matters relating to Ibis Agreement, the  Notes or   any of the transactions 
contemplated   hereby (collectively, the " Communications   ") available to the Lenders by  posting such notices on 
Intralinks (the " Ud=     "). The Borrowers  acknowledge  that (i) the distribution of material through an electronic 
medium  is not necessarily secare and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution, (ii) 
the Platform is provided "as is" and "as available" and (iii) neither the Agent nor any of its Affiliates warrants the 
accuracy,  adequacy or completeness of the   Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for 
errors or omissions in the Communications  or the Platform. No warranty  of any kind, express, implied or statutory, 
including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of 
third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects,  is made by the Agent  or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with the Platform. 


                                                   48 

(2)    Each Lender agrees  that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) (a " Notice ") specifying that any 
Communications   have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of such information, documents or 
other materials to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement; provided that if requested by any Lender the Agent shall 
deliver a copy of the Communications to such Lender by email or telecopier. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Agent 
in writing of such Lender's e-mail address to which a Notice  may be sent by electronic transmission (including by 
electronic communication) on or before the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time 
thereafter to ensure that the Agent has on record an effective e-mail address for such Lender) and (ii) that any Notice 
may be sent to such e-mail address. 

8.3  Costa, Expenses   and Tases. 

(b)    TBC shall  pay  upon written request all reasonable costa and expenses  in connection with the preparation, 
execution, delivery, modification and amendment requested by any of the Borrowers of this Agreement, any Notes and 
the Guaranties (including, without limitation, printing costa and the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of 
counsel for the Agent) and costa and expenses, if any, in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, any Notes 
and the Guaranties (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise and including, without limitation, the 
reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel), as well as any and all stamp and other taxes, and to save the 
Lenders and other holders of interests in the Advances or any Notes harmless from any and all liabilities with respect to 
or resulting from any delay by or omission of the  Borrowers to  pay such taxes, if any, which  may  be payable or 
determined to  be payable  in connection with the  execution  and delivery of this Agreement,  any Notes  and  the 
Guaranties. 

(c)    TBC agrees to indemnify the  Agent and each   Lender and each of their Affiliates and their officers, directora, 
employees, agents and advisors (each, an " indemnified Party ") from and against any and all claims, darnages, loases, 
liabilities, penalties and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by 
or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of ( 
including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense 
in connection therewith) the Advances, this Agreement, the Notes, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the 
actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, except to the extent such claim, damage,   loas, liability or 
expense resabed  from such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct and except that no Indemnified 
Party shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder to the extent such indemnification relates to relationships of, 
between or among  each of, or any of, the Agent, the Lenders, any assignee of a Lender or any participant. In the case of 
any investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which this Section 8.3 applies, such indemnity shall be effective 
whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by TBC, its directora, shareholders or creditors or 
an Indemnified Party or any other Person or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the 
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated.  The  Borrowers also agree not to assert any claim on any theory of 
liability for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages against the Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates, 
or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents, arising out of or otherwise relating to the 
Notes, this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of 
Advances. 

(d)    Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the   Borrowers hereunder, the  agreements  and 
obligations of the Borrowers contained in Sections 2.13, 2.14 and 8.3 shall survive the payment in fuil of principal, 
interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes for a period of seven years. 

8.4    Binding Effect . 'This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Lenders 
and the Agent, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrowers may not assign or transfer their 
rights hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders. 


                                                   49 

8.5  Severability  . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as 
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalídating the 
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or 
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

8.6   Governing    Law . This Agreement,  any Notes, the  Guaranties and each  Borrower Subsidiary Letter shall be 
deemed  to be contracts under the laws of the State of New York and for al' purposes shall be construed in accordance 
with the laws of such State. 

8.7  Headings  . The Table of Contents and Anide  and  Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience 
only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 

8.8  Execution  in Counterparts  . This Agreement   may be executed  in any number  of counterparts and by different 
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature 
page to this Agreement  by telecopier shall be effective  as delivery of a manually   executed counterpart of this 
Agreement. 

8.9   Right  of Set-Off .  Each Lender and each  of its Affiliates that is or was at one time a Lender hereunder is 
authorízed at any time and from time to time, upon 

(v) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and 

(vi) the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.2 10 authorize. the Agent to declare 
any Advances due and payable  pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.2. 

to the fullest extent permitted by law, without notice to any Borrower (any such notice being expressly waived by each 
Borrower), to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any 
time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account 
of any Borrower against any and  all of the obligations to such Lender or such Affiliate of such Borrower   now or 
hereafter existing under this Agreement and any Notes held by such Lender, whether  or not such Lender has made  a 
demand  under this Agreement  or such Notes and   although such obligations may be  unmatured.   Each Lender shall 
promptly notify any Borrower  after any such setoff and application made by such Lender, providal that the failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section 
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of setoff) which such Lender and 
its Affiliates may have. 

8.10    Confidentiality . Neither the Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any Confidential Information to any other 
Person without the consent of a Borrower, other than 

(a)  to the Agent's or such Lender's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and 
advisors (" permitted Parties ") and their respective professional advisors and, as contemplated by Section 2.20(f), to 
actual or prospective assignees and  participants and their  respective agents and  advisors, and then only  on  a 
confidential basis, 

(b)  as required by any law, role or regulation or judicial process, 

(c)  any rating agency, or direct or indirect provider of credit protection to any Permitted Party, and then only on a 
confidential basis; and 


                                                  50 

(d)      as requested or   required by  any state, federal  or foreign regulatory,  supervisory, governmental    or 
quasi-govermnental  authority with jurisdiction over a Perrnitted Party or exarniner regulating banks or banking or other 
financial institutions. 

The  Agent and  the Lenders are strictly prohibited from disclosing the existence of this Agreement and information 
about  this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers. 

8.11      Agreement in Effect . This Agreement shall become effective upon its execution and delivery, respectively, to 
the  Agent and TBC  by  TBC   and the Agent, and   when the Agent shall have been notified by each Lender listed on 
Schedule  1 that such Lender has executed it. 

8.12   Patriot Act  Notice   Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the 
Company   that pursuant to the requirements of Section 326 of the  USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub.L. 107-56 (signed 
into law October 26, 2001)) and the promulgated regulations thereto (the " Patriot Act "), ít is required to obtain, verify 
and  record information that identifies each  Borrower,  which information includes the name  and address  of  such 
Borrower  and  other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify such Borrower in 
accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information 
and  Cake such actions as are reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Agent and the 
Lenders in maintaining  compliance with the Patriot Act. 

8.13   JurisdIctIon, Etc . 

(b)    Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York 
City, Borough  of Manhattan,  and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or the Notes, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment,  and each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that ah claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be 
heard  and determined in any such New  York State court or, to the extent pennitted by law, in such federal court. Each 
Subsidiary Borrower  hereby agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding  may be made  upon  the 
Company   and  each Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably  appoints the Company its authorized agent to accept such 
service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Company to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or 
affect the validity of such service or of any  judgment  rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon.   Each 
Borrower  hereby further irrevocably consents to the service of process in any action or proceeding in such courts by the 
mailing thereof by  any parties hereto by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its address 
specified pursuant  to Section 8.2. Each of the parties hereto  agrees that a final judgment in any such  action or 
proceeding shall be conclusive  and may be  enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided  by law. 

(c)    Each of the  parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and 
effectively do so, any  objection that it may now  or hereafter have to the  laying of venue of any suit, action or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New York State or federal court. Each of the 
parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to 
the maintenance  of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

8.14   No Fiduciary  Duty 

TBC  agrees that in connection with ah aspects of the transactions contemplated  hereby and any   communications in 
connection therewith, TBC and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agent, the Lenders 


                                                   51 

and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not creare, by implication 
or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Agent, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates and no such duty 
will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. 

8.15   Waiver  of Jury Trial 

Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right ít may have to 
a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or índirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (a) certifies 
that no representative, agent or attorney of any other person has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
person would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the 
other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and 
certifications in this Section. 




                                                   52 

        IN WITNESS    WHEREOF,   the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by theír officers 
thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first aboye written. 

                                             THE BOEING COMPANY 

                                             By /s/ Ruud P. Roggekamp 
                                                Name:  Rudd P. Roggekamp 
                                                Title: Assistant Treasurer 

                                             CITIBANK,   N.A., Individually and 
                                             as Agent 

                                             By /si Susan M Ohm 
                                                Name:  Susan M. Olsen 
                                                Title: Vice President 

                                             Syndication Agent 

                                             JPMORGAN     CHASE   BANK,   N.A. 

                                             By /s/ Matthew H. Massie 
                                                Name:  Matthew H. Massie 
                                                Title: Managing Director 

Documentation Agents 

BANK  OF AMERICA,   N.A. 

By /s/ Mukesh Singh 
   Name: Mukesh Singh 
   Title: Vice President 

MIZUHO   BANK,  LTD. 

By /si Donna DeMagistris 
   Name: Donna DeMagistris 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

WELLS   FARGO  BANK, N.A. 

By /s/ Mark Holm 
   Name: Mark Holm 
   Title: Managing Director 

Leuden 

BARCLAYS     BANK PLC 

By ¡s/ Kayode Sulola 
   Name: Kayode Sulola 
   Title: Assistant Vice President 
Executed in London, United Kingdom 

BNP    PARIBAS 

By /sí Melissa Dykj, 
   Name: Melissa Dyki 
   Title: Director 

By /s/ Kwang Kyun Choi 
   Name: Kwang Kyun Choi 
   Title: Vice President 

THE  BANK  OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI    UFJ, LTD. 

By /s/ Thomas .1. Sten 
   Name: Thomas J. Sterr 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

DEUTSCHE     BANK AG   NEW YORK  BRANCH 

By /st Ming K. Chut 
   Name: Ming K. Chu 
   Titie: Vice President 

By Lotlirádilandwaist 
   Name: Heidi Sandquist 
   Titie: Director 

ROYAL   BANK   OF CANADA 

By /s/ Richard C. Smith 
   Name: Richard C. Smith 
   Titie: Authorized Signatory 

SUMITOMO     MITSUI BANKING   CORPORATION 

By Isl David W. Kee 
   Name: David W. Kee 
   Titie: Managing Director 

SANTANDER    BANK,  N.A. 

By /s/ William Maag 
   Name: William Maag 
   Title: Managing Director 

GOLDMAN    SACHS  BANK   USA 

By /s/ Rebecca Kratz 
   Name: Rebecca Kratz 
   Title: Autborized Signatory 

MORGAN     STANLEY   BANK, N.A. 

By /s/ belichael King 
   Name: Michael King 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT   AGRICOLE  CORPORATE    AND  INVESTMENT    BANK 

By /s/ Gordon Yip 
   Name: Gordon Yip 
   Title: Director 

By /a/ Mark Koneval 
   Name: Mark Koneval 
   Title: Managing Director 

DBS   BANK  LTD. 

By /si Ong Sie Wei 
   Name: Ong Sie Wei 
   Titie: Senior Vice President 

SOCIETE  GENERALE 

By /s/ Linda Tain 
   Name: Linda Tam 
   Titie: Director 

U.S.  BANK NATIONAL   ASSOCIATION 

By /s/ Batey P. Litwin 
   Name: Barry P. Litwin 
   Title: Senior Vice President 

NBAD  AMERICAS   N.V. 

By /s/ Pamela Sigda 
Name: Pamela Sigda 
Title: Sr. Vice President 

By /si Nagy S. K911 
Name: Nagy S. Kolta 
Title: Country Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
   Wholesale Banking - USA 

BANK  OF  CHINA,  NEW   YORK BRANCH 

By /s/ Haifeng Xu 
Name: Haifeng Xu 
Title: Executive Vice President 

BAYERISCHE    LANDESBANK,    NEW  YORK     BRANCH 

By /s/ Matthew DeCarlo 
Name: Matthew DeCarlo 
Title: Senior Director 

By / 5/ Rolf Siebert 
Name: Rolf Siebert 
Title: Executive Director 

BANCO    BILBAO   VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA    S.A., NEW YORK 
BRANCH 

By /s/ Brian Crowley 
Name: Brían Crowley 
Title: Managing Director 

By /s/ Luca Sacchi 
Name: Luca Sacchi 
Title: Managing Director 

INDUSTRIAL   AND  COMMERCIAL    BANK   OF CHINA  LIMITED, 
NEW  YORK  BRANCH 

By /s/ Kan Ches 
Name: Kan Chen 
Title: Vice President 

By /s/ Lidia Zhou 
Name: Linjia Zhou 
Title: Executive Director 

LLOYDS   BANK  PLC 

By /s/ Erin Doherty 
Name: Erin Doherty 
Title: Assistant Vice President 

By /si Daven Popat 
Name: Daven Popat 
Titie: Senior Vice President 

THE  NORTHERN    TRUST     COMPANY 

By /s/ Daniel J. Boote 
Name: Daniel J. Boote 
Title: Senior Vice President 

AUSTRALIA   AND   NEW    ZEALAND BANKING   GROUP 
LIMITED 

By /s/ Robert Grillo 
Name: Robert Grillo 
Title: Director 

THE  BANK  OF NEW  YORK     MELLON 

By áLkhuilmathas 
Name: Jolm T. Smathers 
Tale: First Vice President 

COMMERZBANK      AG,  NEW   YORK AND  GRAND  CAYMAN 
BRANCHES 

By /s/ Patrick Hartweger 
Name: Patrick Hartweger 
     Managing Director 

By /s/ Michael Ravelo 
Name: Michael Ravelo 
Titie: Director 

ICICI BANK LIMITED,   NEW   YORK BRANCH 

By /s/ Akashdeep Sarpal 
Name: Akashdeep Sarpal 
Title: Country Head - USA 

INTESA  SANPAOLO    S.P.A. 

By /s/ Francesco Calcara 
Name:  Francesco Calcara 
Title: Senior Relationship Manager 

By /s/ Francesco Di Mario 
Name: Francesco Di Mario 
Title: Head of Credit 

ARAB   BANIUNG   CORPORATION     (B.S.C.). 

By /s/ Bayo  Gbowu 
Name:  Bayo  Gbowu 
Title: Vice President 

By /s/ Gautier_Strub 
Name:  Gautier Strub 
Title: Vice President 

STANDARD     CHARTERED    BANK 

By /s/ Rodrigo Gonzalez 
Name:  Rodrigo Gonzalez 
Title: Executive Director 

STATE  BANK   OF INDIA,  NEW     YORK 

By /5/..kailia.S.2~i 
Name:  Manju S. Bolakani 
Title: Vice President & Head (Credit) 

WESTPAC   BANKING    CORPORATION 

By /s/ DavidAinthui rson 
Name:  David Arthurson 
Title: Associate Director 

RIYAD  BANK,   HOUSTON    AGENCY 

By /s/ Zvlichael Meiss 
Name:  Michael Meiss 
Title: General Manager 

By /s/ Paul N. Travis 
Name:  Paul N. Travis 
Title: Vice President & Head of Corporate Finance 

STATE  STREET  BANK  AND  TRUST  COMPANY 

By /si Mary H. Carey 
Mune: Mary H. Carey 
Title: Vice President 

EX-10.1 2 a364dayagmt.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 Exhibit 
                                                                                            Exhibit 10.1 




                                        THE BOEING   COMPANY 
                                                364-DAY 
                                        CREDIT AGREEMENT 

                                                among 

                                        THE BOEING   COMPANY 
                                 for itself and on behalf of its Subsidiarles, 
                                             as a Borrower 

                                    THE  LENDERS   PARTY  HERETO 

                                            CITIBANK,  N.A., 
                                         as Admínistrative Agent 

                                        WMORGAN CHASE  BANK,   N.A. 
                                          as Syndícation Agent 

                                                  and 

                                   CITIGROUP    GLOBAL MARKETS    INC. 
                                                  and 
                                        MORGAN   SECURITIES    LLC, 
                              as Joint Leed Arrangers and Joint Book Managers 
                                      dated as of November 4, 2015 

                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS 


Article and Section Page 


  ARTICLE 1     DEFINITIONS 

       1.1       Definkions                                                           1 
       1.2       Use of Defined Terms; Referentes                                        10 
       1.3       Accounting  Terms                                                       10 

  ARTICLE 2 AMOUNTS      AND TERMS   OF   THE ADVANCES 

       2.1       Committed    Advances                                                   10 
       2.2       Making   Committed Advances                                             10 
       2.3       Conversion  to Terna Loans, Repayment                                   11 
       2.4       lnterest Rate on Committed Advances                                     12 
       2.5       Bid  Advances                                                           13 
       2.6       Lender  Assignment or Sale of Bid Advances                              16 
       2.7       Fees                                                                    16 
       2.8       Reduction  of the Commitments .m                                        16 
       2.9       Addltional Interest on Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances               17 
       2.10      Eurodollar  Interest Rate Determination                                 17 
       2.11      Voluntary  Conversion of Committed Advances         U     _             18 
       2.12      Prepayments                                           .            .    18 
       2.13      Increases in Costs    ....      .                                       19 
       2.14      Taxes                                                                   20 
       2.15      filegality                                                              22 
       2.16      Payments   and Computations .                                           23 
       2.17      Sharing of Payments, Etc                                                24 
       2.18      Evidence of Debt                                                        24 
       2.19      Alteration of Commitments  and Addítion of Lenders                      26 
       2.20      Assignments; Sales of Participations and Other Interests in Advances _  26 
       2.21      Extension  of Terinination Date                                         29 
       2.22      Subsidiary Borrowers                                                    30 
       2.23      Defaulting Lenders                                                      32 

  ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS       AND  WARRANTIES 

       3.1       Representations and Warranties by the Borrowers                         33 

  ARTICLE 4 COVENANTS     OF  TBC 

       4.1       Affirmative Covenants of TBC                                           35 
       4.2       General Negative Covenants of  TBC                                   36 
       4.3       Financial Statement Tercos                                              38 
       4.4       Waivers of Covenants                                                    38 

ARTICLE 5    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT     TO  BORROWINGS 

     5.1        Conditions Precedent to the ¡nidal Borrowing of TBC                   38 
     5.2        Conditions Precedent to Each Committed Borrowing of TBC               39 
     5.3        Conditions Precedent to Each Bid Borrowing of TBC                     39 
     5.4        Conditions Precedent to the 'nidal Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower . 40 
     5.5        Conditions Precedent to Each Committed Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower ...................... 
                            ................................. 44 
     5.6        Conditions Precedent to Each Bid Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower ... 41 

ARTICLE 6 EVENTS   OF DEFAULT 

     6.1        Events of Default                                                     42 
     6.2        Lenders' Rights upon Borrower Default _                               42 

ARTICLE 7 THE  AGENT 

     7.1        Appointment and Authority                                             43 
     7.2        Rights as a Lender                                                    44 
     7.3        Exculpatory Provisions .                                              44 
     7.4        Reliance by Agent .                                                   45 
     7.5        Indemnification                                                       45 
     7.6        Resignation of Agent                                                  45 
     7.7        Delegation of Dudes                                                   46 
     7.8        Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders                               46 
     7.9        No Other Dudes, etc                                                   46 

ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS 

     8.1        Modification, Consents and Waivers                                    47 
     8.2        Notices                                                                48 
     8.3        Costs, Expenses and Tases                                             49 
     8.4        Binding Effect                                                        49 
     8.5        Severability                                                           50 
     8.6        Governing Law                                                         50 
     8.7        Headings                                                               50 
     8.8        Execution in Counterparts                                             50 
     8.9        Right of Set-Off                                                      50 
     8.10       Confidentiality                                                       50 
     8.11       Agreement in Effect                                                   Si 
     8.12       Patriot Act Notice                                                    51 
     8.13       Jurisdiction,Etc                                                      51 
     8.14       No Fiduciary Duty                                                     51 
     8.15       Waiver of Jury Tala!                                                  52 


                                            ii 

Exhibit A-1 - Committed   Note 
Exhibit A-2  - Bid Note 
Exhibit B-1 - Notice of Comrnitted Borrowing 
Exhibit B-2 - Notice of Bid Borrowing 
Exhibit C - Request for Alteration 
Exhibit D - Borrower Subsidiary Letter 
Exhibit E - Extension Request 
Exhibit F    Continuation Notice 
Exhibit G - Opinion of Counsel of the Company 
Exhibit H - Opinion of Counsel for Agent 
Exhibit I - Opinion of in-house counsel to Subsidiary Borrower 
Exhibit J - Guaranty of TBC 
Exhibit K - Opinion of Counsel to TBC 
Schedule I - Commitrnents 
Schedule U - Agent Contact Details 


                                       iii 

                                            CREDIT AGREEMENT 

                                        Dated as of November 4, 2015 

THE  BOEING        COMPANY,  a Delaware corporation (" TBC " or the "  Company "), for itself and on behalf of the 
other BORROWERS    (as defined below), the LENDERS  (as defined below), CITIGROUP      GLOBAL MARKETS    INC. 
and J.P. MORGAN      SECURITIES LLC,  as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers, JPMORGAN CHASE    BANK 
, N.A., as syndication agent, and CITIBANK, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such 
capacity, the " Agent "), agree as follows: 

                                                 ARTICLE 1 


                                                 Definitions 

1.1  Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terma have the respective meanings set out below: 

" 2011 Credit  Agreement " means  the 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2011, as amended, by 
and among TBC, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and certain other banks as tendera. 

" Administrative Questionnaire " means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent. 

" Advance " means a Conunitted  Advance or a Bid Advance. 

" Agent " means Citibank,  N.A. acting in íts capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, or any successor 
administrative agent appointed pursuant to Section 7.6. 

" Agent's Account " means the account of the Agent maintained by the Agent with Citibank, N.A., at its office at 388 
Greenwich  Street, New York, New   York 10013, Account 36852248, Attention: Agency/Mediurn    Terco  Finance, 
Reference: Boeing. 

" Affiliate " means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under 
common  control with such Person or is a director or officer of such Person. (For purposes of this definition, the terco " 
controls", "controlling", "controlled by" and "under common   control with" mean, with respect to a Person, the 
possession, direct or indirect, of the power to vote 5% or more of the Voting Stock of such Person or to direct or cause 
the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of Voting Stock, by 
contract, or otherwise.) 

" Agreement " mesas this agreement, as it may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, and any written 
additions or supplements hereto. 

" Anti-Corruption Laws " means  the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and other similar laws, 
rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to TBC or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or 
relating to bribery or corruption. 

" Applicable Lending Office " means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestíc Lending Office, in the 
case of a Base Rate Advance, and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, 
and, in the case of a Bid Advance, the office of such Lender specified by such Lender in a notice to the Agent as its 
Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Bid Advance. 


                                                1 

" Applicable Margin " means, 

(i)  with respect to Base Rate Advances on any date, 0% per annum; and 

(ii)  with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances (a) for any date prior to the exercise of the Term Loan Conversion 
Option, 0.835% per annum  and (b) for any date on and alter the exercise of the Term Loan Conversion Option, 1.00% 
per annum. 

" Applicabie Percentage " means  0.04% per annum. 

" Available   Commitments " means, as of any date of determination, (a) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders, 
as such amount may be reduced, changed or terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, reduced by (b) 
the aggregate Advances outstanding on such date of determination. 

" Base Rate  means  the highest of (a) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank, N.A., in New York City, 
from time to time, as Citibank's "base" rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum and (c) the ICE 
Benchmark Settlement Rate applicable to US dollars for a period of one month (" One Month LIBOR ") plus 1.00% ( 
for the avoidance of doubt, the One Month LIBOR    for any day shall be based on the rate appearing on Reuters 
LIBOR01   Page (or other commercially available source providing such quotations as designated by the Agent from 
time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day); prQvided that if One Month LIBOR shall be less 
than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

" Base Rate Advance " means a  Committed Advance  which bears interest at the Base Rate. 

" Bid Advance "  means an advance by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Bid Borrowing resulting from the auction 
bidding procedure described in Section 2.5, and refers to a Fixed Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, 
each of which sha!! be a "Type" of Bid Advance. 

" Bid Borrowing   " means a  borrowing consisting of simultaneous Bid Advances from each of the Lenders whose 
offers to make one or more Bid Advances as part of such borrowing has been accepted by a Borrower under the auction 
bidding procedure described in Section 2.5. 

" Bid Note " mesas a promissory note  of a Borrower payable to the order of a Lender, in substantially the form of 
Exhibit A-2, evidencing the indebtedness of that Borrower to such Lender resulting from a Bid Advance made by such 
Lender to such Borrower. 

" Bid Reduction " has the meaning specified in Section 2.1(a). 

" Borrower " means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, TBC and each Subsidiary Borrower (unless 
and until it becomes a "Terminated Subsidiary Borrower" pursuant to Section 2.22). 

" Borrower  Subsidiary Letter " means, with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, a tener in the form of Exhibit D, 
signed by such Subsidiary Borrower and TBC. 

" Borrowing  " means a Committed  Borrowing or a Bid Borrowing. 

" Business Day " means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized to close in New York City and 
, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advance, on which dealings are carried on in the 
London interbank market. 

" Commitment "  means, for each Lender, the Ml amount set forth opposite the name of such Lender in Schedule I or, 
if such Lender is a Replacement Lender or a Lender that has entered into one or more assignments pursuant to Section 
2.20 or Section 2.21, the amount set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 
2.20(d), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.3, Section 2.8 or Section 2.19 or increased pursuant to 
Section 2.19. 

" Committed    Advance " means an advance made by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Committed Borrowing and 
refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodoliar Rate Committed Advance, each of which is a "Type" of  Committed 
Advance. 

" Committed  Borrowing  " means  a borrowing  consisting of simultaneous Committed Advances  of the same Type 
made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.1. 

" Committed  Note " means a promissory note of a Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, in substantially the 
form of Exhibit A-1, evidencing the indebtedness of that Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Committed 
Advances  made by such Lender to that Borrower. 

"Company   " means  The Swing Company,  a Delaware corporation. 

" Confidential Information " means information that a Borrower furnishes lo the Agent or any Lender in a writing 
designated as confidential, but does not include any such information that is or becomes generally available to the 
public or that is or becomes available to the Agent or such Lender from a source other than a Borrower. 

" Consolidated " refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with generally accepted accounting principies. 

" Consolidated Net Tangible Assets " means the total amount of assets (less applicabie reserves and other properly 
deductible items) after, deducting therefrom (i) all current liabilities (excluding any thereof which are by their terms 
extendible or renewable at the option of the obligor thereon to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which 
the amount thereof is being computed), and (ii) all good will, trade narnes, trademarks, patents, unamortized debt 
discount and expenses and other like intangibles, all as set forth on the most recent balance sheet of the Company and 
its consolidated Subsidiaries and computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principies. 

" Contlaning Lender "  has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(a). 

" Convert ",  Conversion " and  " Converted " each means a conversion of Committed  Advances of one Type into 
Committed Advances  of another Type pursuant to Section 2.10, 2.11 or 2.15. 

" Debt " of a Person means 

(i) indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services; 

(fi) financial obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instniments; 

(iii) financial obligations as lessee under leases which have been or should be, in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principies, recorded as capital leases; and 

(iv) obligations under direct or indirect guaranties in respect of, and obligations (contingent or otherwise) to purchase 
or otherwise acquire, or otherwise to assure a creditor against losa in respect of, indebtedness or financial obligations of 
others of the kind referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) aboye. 


                                                3 

"Default " means  any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement 
that notice be given or time elapse or both. 

" Defaulting Lender "  means, at any time, subject to Section 2.23(c), a Lender that (i) has failed for two or more 
Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make an Advance (each a " funding obligation ") 
, unless such Lender has notified the Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's 
determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, 
together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (ii) has notified the Agent or 
the   Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that it will not comply with any such funding obligation hereunder 
unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that one or more 
conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if 
any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), (iii) has defaulted on its funding obligations 
under other loan agreements or credit agreements generally under which it has commitments to extend credit or has 
notified, or whose Parent Company has notified, the Agent or the Company in writing, or has stated publicly, that it 
does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under loan agreements or credit agreements generally, (iv) has, 
for three or more Business Days, failed to confirm in writing to the Agent, in response to a written request of the Agent 
or the Company, that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender will cease to be 
a  Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iv) upon the Agent's and the Borrower's receipt of such written 
confirmation), or (v) as to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to it or its 
Parent Company; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue 
of (1) the control, ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent 
company thereof by a governmental authority or (2) in the case of a solvent Lender, the precautionary appointment of 
an administrator, guardian, custodian or other similar official by a government authority under or based on the law of 
the country where such tender is subject to home jurisdiction supervision if applicable law requires that such 
appointment not be publicly disclosed, so long as, in the case of clause (1) and clause (2), such action does not result in 
or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement 
of  judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such  governmental  authority or 
instrumentafity) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements !nade with such Lender. Any 
determination by the Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (i) through (y) aboye shall be conclusive 
and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.23( 
c)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Company and each Lender. 

" Domestic Lending  Office   means  with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic 
Lending Office" in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time 
to time specífy to TBC and the Agent. 

" Effective Date " has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(d). 

" EligIble Assignee " means 

(i)  a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any state thereof, and having a combined 
capital and surplus in excess of $3,000,000,000; 

(ii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the OECD, or a political 
subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus in excess of $3,000,000,000, provided that 
such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in either (a) the country in which it is organized or (b) another 
country which is also a member of the OECD or the Cayman Islands; 


                                                 4 

(iii) the central bank of any country which is a member of the OECD; 

(iv) any Lender; 

(v)  an Affiliate of any Lender; or 

(vi)  any other Person approved in writing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, by TBC, 
which approval has been communicated in writing to the Agent, provided that none of (x) TBC or an Affiliate of TBC, 
(y) a natural Person or (z) any Defaulting Lender shall qualify as an Eligible Assignee. 

"  ERISA  "means the  Employee Retirement Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended  from time to time and the 
regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 

" ERISA Affiliate " means any Person that for purposes of Title 1V of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of 
any  Borrower, or under common  control with  any Borrower,  within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal 
Revenue Code. 

" Eurocurrency Liabllities " has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time. 

" Eurodollar Lending  Office " means, with respect to any Lender, (a) the office of such Lender specified as its " 
Eurodollar Lending Office" in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may 
from time to time specify to TBC and the Agent. 

" Eurodollar Rate "  means, for an Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance constituting part of a 
Committed Borrowing, and for the relevant period specified in the applicable Notice of Bíd Borrowing for a Eurodollar 
Rate Bid Advance, an interest rate per annum equal to either 

(a)  the rete per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Settlement Rate, as published by Reuters (or, if unavailable for 
any reason by Reuters, then by reference to another commercially available source providing quotations the ICE 
Benchmark  Settlement Rate, such as Bloomberg,) for deposits in U.S. dollars for a period substantially equal to such 
Interest Period (if a Committed Advance) or such relevant period specified in the applicable Notice of Bid Borrowing ( 
if a Bid Advance), as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two business days before the first day of such Interest Period or the 
first day of the relevant period specified in such Notice of Bid Borrowing; or 

(b)  if the foregoing tate is unavailable for any reason, the average (rounded to the nearest whole multiple of 1/16 of 
1% per annum, if such average is not such a multiple) of the rates per annum offered by the principal office of each of 
the Reference Banks to prime banks ín the London interbank market at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on deposits in U.S. 
dollars two Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period or the first day of such relevant period specified 
in the Notice of Bid Borrowing 

(i)  for such Eurodollar Committed Advance, on an amount substantially equal to such Reference Bank's Eurodollar 
Rate Advance constituting part of such Committed Borrowing and for a period equal to such Interest Period, or 

(ii) for such Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, on an amount substantially equal to the amount of the Eurodollar Rate Bid 
Borrowing  which includes such Bid Advance multiplied by a fraction equal to such Reference Bank's ratable portion of 
the  Commitments and for a period equal to the relevant period specified in such Notice of Bid Borrowing; 


                                                 5 

proviM   that, in each case, if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the 
purposes of this Agreement. 

The Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for each Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance constituting part of the same 
Borrowing and  for the relevant period specified in a Notice of Bid Borrowing for each Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance 
shall be determined by the Agent on the basis of applicable rates furnished to and received by the Agent from the 
Reference Banks two  Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period or period, as the case may be, subject, 
however, to the provisions of Section 2.10 (it being understood that the Agent shall not be required to disclose to any 
party hereto any information regarding any Reference Bank or any rate provided by such Reference Bank, including, 
without  limitation, whether a Reference Bank has provided a rate or the rate provided by any individual Reference 
Bank). 

"Eurodollar Rate   Advance " means a Committed  Advance  (a " Eurodollar Rate  Committed Advance   ") or a Bid 
Advance  (a " Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance  ") which bears interest at a mte of interest quoted as a margin (which 
shall be the Applícable Margin in the case of a Committed Advance  or as offered by a Lender and accepted by a 
Borrower in the case of a Bid Advance) over the Eurodollar Rate. 

" Eurodollar Rate Bid Borrowing  " has the meaning specífied in Section 2.5(b). 

" Eurodollar Rate  Reserve Percentage " means the reserve percentage applicable to a Lender for any Interest Period 
for a Eurodollar Rate Advance during such Interest Period (or if more than one such percentage shall be so applicable, 
the daily average of such percentages for those days in such Interest Period during which any such percentage shall be 
so applicable) under regulations issued from time to time by the Board of Govemors of the Federal Reserve System (or 
any successor) for determining the maximum  reserve requirement (including, without limitation, any emergency, 
supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) for such Lender with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or 
including Eurocurrency  Liabilities (or with respect to any other category of liabilities that includes deposits by 
reference to which the interest rete on Eurodollar Rate Advances is determined) having a temí equal to such Interest 
Period. 

" Event of Default " means any of the events described in Section 6.1. 

" Extension Request " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21. 

" Facility Fee " has the meaning specified in Section 2.7. 

"   FATCA " means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any 
amended  or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

" Federal Funds Rate " means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such 
period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal 
Reserve System, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the 
average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of 
recognized standing selected by it; provided that, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be 
deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

" Fitch " means Fitch, Inc. 

" Fixed Rate Advance  " means an Advance made by a Lender to a Borrower as part of a Fixed Rate Borrowing. 


" Fixed Rete Borrowing   has the meaning specified in Section 2.5(b). 

" Guaranty   " means    each Guaranty Agreement    executed  by TBC  in favor of the Agent  and the  Lenders, 
unconditionally guaranteeing the payment of all obligations of a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under any Notes 
executed or to be executed by it. 

" Indemnified  Costs " has the meaning specified ín Section 7.5. 

" Indemnifled  Party " has the meaning specified in Section 8.3(b). 

"Interest Period  " means, for each Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance constituting part of the same Borrowing, the 
period commencing on  the date of such Committed Advance or the date of the Conversion of a Base Rate Advance finto 
such a Eurodollar Rate Committed   Advance  and ending on the last day of the period selected by the applicable 
Borrower  pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by such Borrower pursuant to 
the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three, or six months (or, subject to 
clause    below, twelve months), as the applicable Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11 
:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select, provided , 
however , that: 

(i) no Interest Period shall end on a date laten than the Termination Date; 

(ü)  Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Committed Advances constituting part of the same Committed 
Borrowing shall be of the same duration; and 

(iíi) in the case of any such Borrowing, the applicable Borrower shall not be entitied to select an Interest Period 
having duration of twelve months unless, by 2:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period, each Lender notifies the Agent that such Lender will be providing funding for such 
Borrowing with such Interest Period (the failure of any Lender to so respond by such time being deemed for all 
purposes of this Agreement as an objection by such Lender to the requested duration of such Interest Period); provided 
that, if any or all of the Lenders object to the requested duration of such Interest Period, the duration of the Interest 
Period for such Borrowing shall be one, two, three or six months, as specified by the applicable Borrower in the 
applicable Notice of Borrowing as the desired altemative to an Interest Period of twelve months; and 

(iv) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last 
day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, provided that, if such 
extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of 
the Interest Period shall occur on the immediately preceding Business Day. 

"Lender   ", subject to Section 2.20, means any of the institutions that is a signatory hereto or that, pursuant to Section 
2.13, 2.19, 2.20 or 2.21, becomes a "Lender" hereunder. 

"Lender  Insolvency Event " means  that (i) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay 
its debts as they become due, or admita in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or (fi) such Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or 
sequestrator or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian has been 
appointed for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent  Company has taken any action in 
furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 


                                                7 

" Majority Lenders  " means Lenders holding greater than 50% of the then aggregate unpaid principal amount of the 
Committed  Advances  or, if no Committed Advances are outstanding, Lenders having greater than 50% of the total 
Conunitments; maided that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, there shall be exciuded from the 
determination of Majority Lenders at such time the Commitments of such Lender at such time. 

" Maturity Date " means the Termination Date or, if the Term Loan Conversion Option described in Section 2.3 has 
been exercised, the date that is the one-year anniversary of the Termination Date. 

  Moody's  " means Moody's lnvestor Services, Inc. 

" Non-Defaulting   Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender. 

" Non-Extending Lender  " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(a). 

" Note " means a Committed Note or a Bid Note. 

" Notice of Bid Borrowing " has the meaning specified in Section 2.5(b). 

" Notice of Borrowing " mean a Notice of Committed Borrowing  or a Notice of Bid Borrowing. 

" Notice of Committed Borrowing  " has the meaning specified in Section 2.2(a). 

" OECD   " means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. 

" Parent  Company " means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined in Federal Reserve Board 
Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a 
majority of the shares of such Lender. 

" Person " means an individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint 
stock company,  trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a govemment or any political 
subdivision or agency thereof. 

" Property, Plant and Equipment " means any item of real property, or any interest therein, buildings, improvements 
and machinery. 

" Proposed Increased Commitment  "  has the rneaning specified in Section 2.19(c). 

" Reference Maks "  means JPMorgan  Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and any other Lender so appointed by TBC 
that agrees to act in such role. 

" Register " has the meaning specified in Section 2.20(d). 

" Reiated Pardea " means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, 
employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person's 
Affil iates. 

" Replacenient Lenders " has the meaning specified in Section 2.21(c). 

" Request for Alteration " means a document substantially in the form of Exhibit C, duly executed by TBC, pursuant 
to Section 2.19. 

                                                 8 

" Required  Assignment " has the meaning specified in Section 2.20(a). 

" S&P  " means Standard & Poor's, a dívision of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 

" Sanetioned Country " means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any 
Sanctions (as of the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, kan, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 

" Sanetioned Person " means, at any time, (a) any legal Person listed on any Sanctions-related list of designated 
Persons maintained  by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the  Treasury, the U.S. 
Department  of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council or the European Union ( 
including by any European Union member state) ; and (b) any Person more than 50% owned or controlled by any such 
Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause (a). 

" Sanctions " means any economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from 
time to time by the U.S. govemment (including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. 
Department  of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Comrnerce); the United Nations 
Security Council; or the European Union (including by any European Union member state or Her Majesty's Treasury 
of the United Kingdom). 

"Subsidiary " means any Person in which more than 50% of the Voting Stock or the interest in the capital or profits is 
owned  by TBC, by TBC  and any one or more other Subsidiaries, or by any one or more other Subsidiaries. 

" Subsidiary Borrower  " means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, each Subsidiary that is or 
becomes  a  "Borrower" in accordance with Section 2.22; in each case, unless and until it becomes a "Terminated 
Subsidiary Borrower". 

" TBC  " means The Boeing Company, a Delaware  corporation. 

  Term  Loan " means a terco loan resulting from the conversion of Committed Advances on the Termination Date 
pursuant to Section 2.3. 

" Terna Loan Conversion  Option " means the option under Section 2.3 for TBC to convert, as of the Termination 
Date, all or a pan of the Committed Advances then outstanding into Term Loans. 

" Terminated   Subsidiary Borrower  " means, individually and collectively, as the context requires, a Subsidiary 
Borrower that has ceased to be a "Borrower" in accordance with Section 2.22. 

" Termination Date " means the earlier to occur of (i) November 2, 2016, as such date may be extended from time to 
time pursuant to Section 2.21, and (ii) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.8 or 
Section 6.2. 

" Total Capital " has the meaning specified in Section 4.2(b). 

" Type ", as to Committed Borrowings, means either Base Rate Advances or Eurodollar Rate Committed   Advances 
and, as to Bid Borrowings, means either Fixed Rate Advances or Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances. 

" Unused Commitment    "  means, with  respect to each Lender, such Lender's  Commitment minus the  aggregate 
principal amount of Committed Advances made by such Lender. 

" Voting Stock " means, as to a corporation, all the issued and outstanding capital stock of such corporation having 
general voting power, under ordinary circumstances, to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of 


such corporation (irrespective of whether or not any capital stock of any other class or classes shall or might have 
voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency). 

1.2   Use  of  Defined Terms; References . Any  defined term used in the plural preceded by the definite anide 
encompasses  all members of the relevant class. Any defined term used in the singular preceded by "a", "an" or "any" 
indicates any number of the members  of the relevant class. All references in this Agreement to a Section, Article, 
Schedule or Exhibit are to a Section, Article, Schedule or Exhibit of or to this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. 

1.3  Accounting   Terms . All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principies consistent with those applied in the preparation of the audited financial 
statements referred to in Section 3.1(e). 


                                                 ARTICLE 2 
                                     Amounts  and Terms  of the Advances 

2.1  Committed    Advances . 

(a)  Obligation to Make rjnmrrdttedAdvances . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter 
set forth, to make Committed Advances to the Borrowers from time to time on any Business Day during the period 
from the date hereof until the Termination Date in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed 
such Lender's  Commitment, proyided that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed 
used from time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding and such deemed 
use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall be applied to the Lenders ratably according to their respective 
Commitments   (such deemed use of the aggregate amount of the Commitments being a Bid Reduction "). 

(b)   Amount   of Committed Advances . Each Committed  Borrowing  shall be in an aggregate amount not leas than 
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. 

(c)  Type  of Committed Advances  . Each Committed   Borrowing shall consist of Committed Advances of the same 
Type made  on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of 
each Lender's Conunitment, the Borrowers   may  from time to time borrow, prepay pursuant to Section 2.12, and 
reborrow under this Section 2.1 and Section 2.2. 

2.2  Making    Committed  Advances 

(a)  Notic9 of Committed Borrowing . Each  Committed  Borrowing  shall be made on notice, given by a Borrower to 
the Agent not laten than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the day of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the case 
of a Base Rate Borrowing and on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Committed Borrowing in the 
case of a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing  (a " Notice of  Committed Borrowing  "). Each such Notice of   Committed 
Borrowing shall be in substantially the forro of Exhibit B1, specifying the requested 

(i)  date of such Committed Borrowing, 

(ii) Type of Committed  Advances constituting such Committed Borrowing, 

(iii) aggregate amount of such Committed Borrowing, and 

(iv) in the case of a Committed Borrowing composed of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the initial Interest Period for each 
such Committed  Advance. 


                                                10 

Every  Notice of Committed Borrowing  given by a Subsidiary Borrower  must be  countersigned by an authorized 
representative of TBC, in order to evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that proposed Committed 
Borrowing. Upen receipt of a Notice of Committed Borrowing, the Agent shall promptly give notice to each Lender 
thereof. 

(b)   Funding Committed  Advances Each  Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date of such 
Committed  Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's 
Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing. Alter the Agent's receipt of 
such funds and upon fulfilhnent of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, the Agent will make such funds 
available to the relevant Borrower at an account specified by such Borrower. 

(e)   Irrevocable Notice . Each Notice of Committed Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding. In the case of any 
Committed  Borrowing that the related Notice of Committed Borrowing specifies is to be composed of Eurodollar Rate 
Advances,  the Borrower requesting such Committed Borrowing shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or 
expense incurred by such Lender on account of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified for such Committed 
Borrowing  in such Notice of Committed Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, including, without 
limitation, any loss (but excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or 
reemployment  of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Committed Advance to be made by such 
Lender  as part of such Committed Borrowing when such Committed Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made 
on such date. 

(d)   Lender's  Ratable Perno . Unless the Agent has received notice from a Lender prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on the day of any Committed Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender' 
s ratable portion of such Committed Borrowing, the Agent  may assume  that such Lender has made  such portion 
available to the Agent on the date of such Committed Borrowing in accordance with subsection (b) of this Section 2.2 
and the Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make   available to the requesting Borrower on such date a 
corresponding amount.  If and to the extent that a Lender has not so made such ratable portion available to the Agent, 
such Lender and such Borrower shall severally repay to the Agent forthwith en demand an amount that in the aggregate 
equals such corresponding amount together with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made 
available by the Agent to such Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent, at 

(i) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to Committed Advances constituting such 
Committed  Borrowing,  and 

(fi) in the case of such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate. 

If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender 
's Committed Advance as part of such Committed Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. 

(e)  Independent Lender Obligan=   . The failure of any Lender to make the Committed Advance to be made by it as 
part of any Committed Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its oblígation, if any, hereunder to make its 
Committed  Advance on the date of such Committed Borrowing, but no  Lender shall be responsible for the faílure of 
any other Lender to make the Committed  Advance  to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Committed 
Borrowing. 

2.3   Conversion to Term Loans, Repayment  . The Borrowers  shall, subject to the next succeeding sentence, repay 
to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the 
Committed  Advances then outstanding. TBC may, upon notice given to the Agent 


                                                 11 

not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the second Business Day prior to the Termination Date and upon 
payment  of a fee to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount 
of the Committed Advances outstanding on the Termination Date, convert all or a part of the unpaid principal amount 
of the Committed Advances outstanding as of the Termination Date into Term Loans. If this Term Loan Conversion 
Option is exercised, then, on the Termination Date, immediately prior to the time when the unpaid principal amount of 
the Committed  Advances would  otherwise be due, the Committed Advances shall automatically convert into Term 
Loans which the respective Borrowers shall repay to the Agent for the ratable accounts of the Lenders on the Maturity 
Date. The amounts so converted shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as Committed Advances except that 
after the Terrnination Date: 

(i)  the Borrowers may not make any additional borrowings; 

(ii) any amounts paid or prepaid may not be reborrowed; 

(iii) the amount of each Lender's Commitment  shall be equal at all times to the principal amount of the Term Loans 
payable to such Lender from time to time; 

(ív) the provisions of Section 2.19 shall not be effective; and 

(v)  no Facility Fees shall accrue or be payable after the Termination Date. 

2.4   Interest Rate on   Committed Advances . Each Borrower  shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
each of its Committed Advances from the date of such Committed Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, 
at the following ratos per annum: 

(i)  during each period in which such Committed Advance  is a Base Rate Advance, at a rate per annum equal at all 
times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin, payable quarterly in arrears on the first 
day of each January, April, July and October and on (x) the Termination Date, or (y) if TBC has exercised the Term 
Loan Conversion Option, the Maturity Date, and 

(ii) during each period in which such Committed Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, at a rate per annum equal at 
all times during each relevant Interest Period for such Committed Advance to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest 
Period plus the Applicable Margin, payable on the last day of each such Interest Period, and if such Interest Period has 
a duration of more than three months, quarterly on each day during such Interest Period that is three months from either 
(A) the first day of such Interest Period or (B) the last such interest payment date and on the date such Committed 
Advance is Converted or paid in full; 

provided that in the event and during the continuance of an Event of Default the Agent may, and upon the request of 
the Majoríty Lenders shall, give notice to the Borrowers that (x) the Applicable Margin shall immediately increase by 
1.0% aboye the Applicable Margin then in effect, and, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance, such Advance shall 
automatically convert to a Base Rate Advance at the end of the Interest Period then in effect for such Eurodollar Rate 
Advance  and (y) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the amount of any interest, 
fee or other amount payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such 
amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate 
per annum equal at  all times to 1% aboye the Base Rate; provided , however , that following acceleration of the 
Advances pursuant to Section 6.2, the foregoing described interest shall accrue and be payable hereunder whether or 
not previously required by the Agent. 


                                                 12 

2.5  Bid  Advances  . 

(a)    : e 4, e #    1# . e # e el ,le  -  . The Borrowers may  make Bid Borrowings  from time to time on any 
Business Day during the period from the date hereof until the Termination Date in the manner set forth below, provided 
that, follovving the making of each Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the Advances then outstanding shall not 
exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders (computed without regard to the Bid Reduction). As 
provided in Section 2.1 aboye, the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be deemed used from 
time to time to the extent of the aggregate amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding, and such deemed use of the 
aggregate amount  of the Commitments    shall be applied to the Lenders ratably according to their respective 
Commitments;   provided , however  , that any Lender's Bid Advances shall not otherwise reduce that  Lender's 
obligation to lend its pro rata share of the remaining Available Commitments. 

(b)  Notice of Bid_Borrowing Any Borrower  may  request a Bid Borrowing by delivering to the Agent a notice of a 
Bid  Borrowing (a " Notice of Bid Borrowing "), in substantially the form of Exhibit B2, specifying the following: 

(i)  the date and aggregate amount of the proposed Bid Borrowing, 

(ü)  the maturity date for repayment of each Bid Advance to be made as part of such Bid Borrowing, which maturity 
date 

(A)  may  not be later than 5 Business Days prior to the Termination Date, but may otherwise be 7 days or more from 
the date of such requested Bid Advance if the applicable Borrower specifies in the Notice of Bid Borrowing that the 
rates of interest to be offered by the Lenders will be fixed rates per annum (a " Fixed Rate Borrowing "), and 

(B)  shall be either 1, 2, 3, 6 or 9 months from the date of such Bid Borrowing if the applicable Borrower specifies in 
the Notice of Bid Borrowing that such Bid Borrowing is to consist of Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances (a " Eurodollar 
Rate Bid Borrowing  "), 

(iii) the interest payment date or dates relating thereto, and 

(iv) any  other tercos to be applicable to such Bid Borrowing. 

A  Borrower requesting a Bid Borrowing shall deliver a Notice of Bid Borrowing to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) (A) at least one Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Bid Borrowing if the proposed 
Bid  Borrowing is to be a Fixed Rate Borrowing, and (B) at least four Business Days prior to the date of the proposed 
Bid Borrowing, if the proposed Bíd Borrowing is to  be a Eurodollar Rate Bid  Borrowing. Every Notice  of Bid 
Borrowing given by a Subsidiary Borrower must be countersigned by an authorized representative of TBC, in order te 
evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that proposed Bid Borrowing. The Agent shall in turn promptly 
notify each Lender of each request for a Bid Borrowing by sending such Lender a copy of the related Notice of Bid 
Borrowing. 

(c)  Discretion as te Bid Advances . Each Lender may, in its sole discretion, elect to irrevocably offer to make one or 
more Bid  Advances to the applicable Borrower as part of such proposed Bid Borrowing at a tate or rates of interest 
specified by such Lender in its sole discretion (each such rate of interest to be a fixed rate if the applicable Borrower 
requested Fixed Rate Advances or a margin over the Eurodollar Rate if such Borrower requested Eurodollar Rate Bid 
Advances), by notifying the Agent (which shall give prompt notice thereof to the Company and such Borrower), before 
10:00 a.m. (New York City time) (A) on the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, if the proposed Bid Borrowing is to 
be a Fixed Rate Borrowing and (B) tinte 


                                                13 

Business  Days before the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a Notice of Bid Borrowing is to be a 
Eurodollar Rate Bid Borrowing. In such notice the Lender shall specify the foliowing: 

(i) the minimum  amount and  maximum  amount  of each Bid Advance which such Lender would be willing to make as 
part of such proposed Bid Borrowing (which amounts may, subject to the first proviso in this Section 2.5(a), exceed 
such Lender's Commitment), 

(ii) the rate or rates of interest therefor (specified as stated in this paragraph (c)), and 

(iii) such Lender's Applicable Lending Office with respect to such Bid Advance; 

provjded that if the Agent in its capacity as a Lender, in its sole discretion, elects to make any such offer, it shall notify 
such  Borrower and the Company of such offer before 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on which notice of 
such election is to be given to the Agent by the other Lenders. If, by 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date on 
which notice of a Lender's election under this Section 2.5(c) is to be mute, the Agent fails to receive, at its address 
specified in Section 8.2, a notice from a Lender provided for in this Section 2.5(c), the Agent may conclusively 
presume that such  Lender has elected not to offer to make any Bid Advances to such Borrower with respect to the 
related Notice of Bid Borrowing. 

(d)   Borrower Selection of Lender Bids . The Borrower proposing the Bid Borrowing shall, in turn, (A) before 11:00 
a.m. (New York City time) on the date of such proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a proposed Bid Borrowing to be 
a Fixed Rate Borrowing, and (B) before 12:00 noon (New York City time) tinte Business Days before the date of such 
proposed Bid Borrowing, in the case of a proposed Bid Borrowing to be a Eurodollar Rate Bid Borrowing, either: 

(i) cancel such Bid Borrowing by giving the Agent notice to that effect, or 

    accept, in its sole discretion, one or more of the offers made by a Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(c), by 
giving notice to the Agent of the amount of each Bid Advance (which amount shall be equal to or greater than the 
minimum   amount and equal to or less than the maximum amount, notified to such Borrower by the Agent on behalf of 
such Lender for  such Bid Advance  pursuant to Section 2.5(c)) to be made by each Lender as part of such  Bid 
Borrowing, and reject any remaining offers made by Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(c) by giving the Agent notice to 
that effect; pnayided that offers will be accepted, if at all, in order of lowest to highest interest rates, and, if two or more 
Lenders bid at the same rate, the Bid Borrowing with respect to such rate will be allocated among such Lenders in 
proportion to the amount bid by each such Lender. 

If the Borrower proposing the Bíd Borrowing notifies the Agent that such Bid Borrowing is canceled pursuant to 
Section 2.5(dXi), the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders and such Bid Borrowing shall not be made. 

(e)  Bid  Borrowing  . If the Borrower proposing the Bid Borrowing accepts one or more of the offers made by a 
Lender or Lenders pursuant to Section 2.5(dXii), the Agent shall in turn promptly 

(i) notify each Lender that has made an offer as described in Section 2.5(c), of the date and aggregate amount of such 
Bid  Borrowing and whether  or not any offer or offers made by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.5(c) have been 
accepted by such Borrower, 

(ii) notify each Lender that is to make a Bid Advance, as part of such Bid Borrowing, of the amount of each Bid 
Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Bid Borrowing, and 


                                                 14 

(iii) upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in 5.3 or 5.6, as applicable, notify each Lender that is to make a Bid 
Advance as part of such Bid  Borrowing  that the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5 appear to have been 
satisfied. 

When  each Lender  that is to make a Bid Advance as pan of such Bid Borrowing has received notice from the Agent 
pursuant to clause (iii) of the preceding sentence, such Lender shall, before 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date 
of such Bid Borrowing specified in the notice received from the Agent pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence, 
make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's Account such Lender's 
portion of such Bid Borrowing, in same day funds. Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5 
and after receipt by the Agent of such funds, the Agent will make such funds available to the relevant Borrower at an 
account specified by such Borrower. Promptly after each Bid Borrowing the Agent shall notify each Lender of the 
amount  of the Bid Borrowing,  the consequent  Bid Reduction, and the  dates upon which  such Bid   Reduction 
commenced  and will terminate. 

(f)   If the Borrower proposing such Bid Borrowing notifies the Agent pursuant to Section 2.5(d)(ii) aboye that it 
accepts one or more of the offers madc by any Lender or Lenders, such notice of acceptance shall be irrevocable and 
binding on such Borrower. Such Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by 
such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing for 
such Bid Borrowing  the applicable conditions set forth in Article 5, including, without limitation, any loss (but 
excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits 
or other funds acquired by such Lender  to fund the Bid Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Bid 
Borrowing  when such Bid Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date. 

(g)   Amount of Bid Borrowings . Each Notice of Bid Borrowing shall request an aggregate amount of Bid Advances 
not less than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, provided that a Borrower may accept 
offers aggregating less'than $10,000,000 and offers which are not an integral multiple of $1,000,000, and provided 
further that, as provided in Section 2.5(a), following the making of each Bid Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the 
Advances  then outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Cornmitments of the Lenders (computed 
without regard to  the Bid Reduction). Within the limits and on the conditions set forth in this Section 2.5, the 
Borrowers  may from time to time borrow under this Section 2.5, repay pursuant to Section 2.5(g), and reborrow under 
this Section 2.5, provided that a Bid Borrowing shall not be made within three Business Days of the date of any other 
Bid Borrowing. 

(h)   Repayment of Bid  Advances . On the maturity date of each Bid Advance specified by the relevant Borrower for 
repayment  of such Bid Advance in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing, the applicable Borrower shall repay to the 
Agent for the account of the Lender which has made such Bid Advance the then unpaid principal amount of such Bid 
Advance. The  Borrowers shall have no right to prepay any principal amount of any Bid Advance without the consent of 
the Lender which extended such Bid Advance. 

(i) Interest on Bid Advances; Bid Notes . The relevant Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
each Bid Advance, from the date of such Bid Advance to the date the principal amount of such Bid Advance is repaid 
in full, at the fixed rate of interest specified by the Lender making such Fixed Rate Advance in its notice with respect 
thereto delivered pursuant to Section 2.5(c) or, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance, the margin specified by 
the Lender making  such Bid  Advance in its notice with respect thereto plus the Eurodollar Rate determined with 
respect to such Bid Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10, payable on the interest payment date or dates specified by such 
Borrower   for such Bid Advance in the related Notice of Bid Borrowing.  Upon the  occurrence and during  the 
continuance of an Event of Default, the applicable Borrower shall pay interest on the amount of unpaid principal of and 
interest on each Bid Advance owing to a Lender, payable in arrears on the date or dates interest is payable thereon, at a 
rate per annum equal at all times to I% per annum aboye the rate per annum required to be paid on such Bíd Advance 
under 


                                                15 


the tercos of the Bid Note evidencing such Bid Advance unless otherwise agreed in such Bid Note. The indebtedness of 
the applicable Borrower resulting from each Bid Advance made to such Borrower as part of a Bid Borrowing shall be 
evidenced  by a separate Bid Note of such Borrower payable to the order of the Lender making such Bid Advance, 
which Bid Note  shall be retumed to the applicable Borrower upon payment in full of such Bid Advance. 

2.6   Lender   Assigntnent or Sale  of Bid Advances . Any Lender  may,  without the prior written consent of the 
Borrowers, sell or assign all or any part of such Lender's rights in any or all of the Bid Advances made by such Lender 
or in the Bid Notes in connection with such Bid Advances as a participation, provided , however , that 

(y)  any such sale or assignment shall not require any Borrower to file a registration statement with the Secundes and 
Exchange   Commission or apply to qualify the Advances or the Notes under the blue sky laws of any state, and the 
selling or assigning Lender shall otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws applicable to such 
transaction, 

(vi)  no  purchaser or assignee in such a transaction shall thereby become a "Leude?' for any purpose under this 
Agreement, 

(vii) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrowers 
) shall remain unchanged, 

(viii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other panties hereto for the performance of such obligations, 
and 

(ix) the Borrowers, the  Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in 
connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. 

2.7   Fees  . TBC agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee (" Facility Fee ") on such 
Lender's Commitment,  without regard to usage; provided that no Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any 
Facility Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender except to the extent allocable to the 
outstanding principal amount of Committed .Advances funded by it (and TBC shall not be required to pay such fee that 
otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). The Facility Fee shall be payable for 
the periods from the date hereof in the case of each Lender narned in Schedule 1, and from the effective date on which 
any other Lender becomes panty hereto, until the Termination Date (or such earlier date on which such Lender ceases to 
be a party hereto) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Percentage. Facility Fees shall be payable in arrears on 
each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 during the terco of this Agreement until and on the Termination Date. The 
amount of the Facility Fee payable on January 1, 2016 and on the Termination Date shall be prorated based on the 
actual number of days elapsed either since the date hereof (in the case of the January 1, 2016 payment) or since the date 
on which the last payment in respect of the Facility Fee was made (in the case of the payment made on the Termination 
Date). 

2.8   Reductlon of the   Commitments 

(a)    Optional Reductions .  TBC shall have the right, upon at least 3 Business Days' notice to the Agent, to 
permanently terminate in whole or permanently  reduce ratably in pan the unused portions of the  Commitments, 
provided that each partial reduction shall be in a minimum amount  of $10,000,000  or  an integral multiple of 
$1,000,000 in excess thereof, and provided furthet that the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall not be reduced 
to an amount which is less than the aggregate principal amount of the Bid Advances then outstanding. 


                                                16 

(b)   Mandatory  Reductiou . At the Glose of business on the Termination Date, the aggregate Commitments shall be 
automatically and permanently reduced, on a pro rata basis, by an amount equal to the amount by which the aggregate 
Commitments  immediately prior to giving effect to such reduction exceed the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the 
Committed Advances  then outstanding. 

2.9   Additional Interest on Eurodollar Rate  Commltted  Advances . Each  Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so 
long as such Lender is required under regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to maintain 
reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency Liabilities, additional interest on the 
unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance of such Lender to such Borrower, from the date 
of such Committed  Advance  until such principal amount is paid in full, at an interest rate per annum for each Interest 
Period equal to the remainder obtained by subtracting (i) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such 
Committed Advance   from (ii) the rate obtained by dividing such Eurodollar Rate by a percentage equal to 100% minus 
the Eurodollar Rate Reserve Percentage of such Lender for such Interest Period, payable on each date on which interest 
is payable on such Committed Advance. Such additional interest shall be determined by such Lender and notified to the 
relevant Borrowers through the Agent. 

2.10   Eurodollar Interest Rate Determination 

(a)   Metlaods to Determine Eurodollar Rate . The Agent shall determine the Eurodollar Rate for each Eurodollar Rate 
Advance by using the methods described in the definition of the terco "Eurodollar Rate," and shall give prompt notice 
to the relevant Borrowers and the Lenders of each such Eurodollar Rate. 

(b)   Role of Reference tlanks . In the event the Eurodollar Rate cannot be determined by the first method described in 
the definition of "Eurodollar Rate," each Reference Bank shall furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose 
of determining the Eurodollar Rate in accordance with the second method described therein. If any one or more of the 
Reference Banks  does not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of determining a Eurodollar 
Rate, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information fumished by the remaining 
Reference Banks; provided that such rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of timely information provided by 
no fewer than two Reference Banks. In the event the rate cannot be determined by either of the methods described in 
the definition of "Eurodollar Rate," then: 

(i)  the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrowers and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such 
Eurodollar Rate Advances, 

(ii)  each such Advance, if a Committed Advance,  will automatically, on the last doy of the then existing Interest 
Period therefor, Convert roto a Base Rate Advance (or if a Borrower was attempting to Convert a Base Rate Advance 
roto a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance, such Advance will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and 

(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances, or to make, or to Convert Base Rate 
Advances  roto, Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances shall be suspended until the Agent notifies the Borrowers and the 
Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist. 

(c)  Jnadequate  Eurodollar Rata . If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, the Majority Lenders 
notify the Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for such Committed Advances will not adequately 
reflect the cost to such Majority Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurodollar  Rate 
Committed   Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the relevant Borrowers and the 
Lenders, whereupon 


                                                 17 

(i)  each such Eurodollar Rate Corrunitted Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest 
Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and 

(fi) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Base Rate Advances into, Eurodollar Rate  Committed 
Advances  shall be suspended until the Agent notifies the Borrowers and the Lenders that the circumstances causing 
such suspension no longer exist. 

(d)   Absence  of an Interest Period orla Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance . If a Borrower fails to select the 
duration of an Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance in accordance with the provisions contained in 
the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.1, the Agent will forthwith so notify such Borrower and the Lenders and 
such Committed Advances  will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into 
Base Rate Advances. 

2.11    Voluntary Conversion  of Committed  Advances  . Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.10 and 2.15, any 
Borrower  may  Convert  all such Borrower's Committed Advances  of one Type constituting the same   Committed 
Borrowing  into Advances of the other Type on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 
a.m. (New  York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion; ;mullirá , bowever 
, that the Conversion of a Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance into a Base Rate Advance may be made on, and only on 
, the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance. Each such notice of a Conversion 
shall, within the restrictions specified aboye, specify 

(iv) the date of such Conversion, 

(v)  the Committed Advances to be Converted, and 

(vi) íf such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, the duration of the Interest Period for each such 
Committed  Advance. 

2.12   Prepayments .  Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time, upon prior written notice 
from such  Borrower to the Agent, to prepay its outstanding principal obligations with respect to its Committed 
Advances  in whole or ratably in part (except as provided in Section 2.15 or 2.19), ralykleil that every notice of 
prepayment given by a Subsidiary Borrower must be countersigned by an authorized representative of TBC, in order to 
evidence the consent of TBC, in its sole discretion, to that prepayment. Such prepaying Borrower may be obligated to 
make certain prepayments   of obligations with respect to one or more Committed  Advances   subject to and in 
accordance with this Section 2.12. 

(a)  Base  Rate Borrowings Prepayments  . With respect to Base Rate Borrowings, such prepayment shall be without 
premium or penalty, upon notice given to the Agent, and shall be made not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the date of such prepayment. The applicable Borrower shall designate in such notice the amount and date of such 
prepayment.  Accrued interest on the amount so prepaid shall be payable on the first Business Day of the calendar 
quarter next following the prepayment. The minimum amount of Base Rate Borrowings which may be prepaid on any 
occasion shall be $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if leas, the total amount of 
Base Rate Advances then outstanding for that Borrower. 

(b)                   e le el .1 e e   '   13*. ¡se - I . With respect to Eurodollar Rate Committed Borrowings, 
such prepayment shall be made on at least 3 Business Days' prior written notice to the Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. ( 
New  York  City time), and if such notice is given the applicable Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal 
amount of the Committed Advances constituting pan of the same Committed Borrowing  in whole or ratably in part, 
together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the 


                                                 18 

principal amount prepaid. The minimum amount of Eurodollar Rate Committed  Borrowings which may be prepaid on 
any  occasion shall be $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the total amount of 
Eurodollar Rate Committed  Advances then outstanding for that Borrower. 

(c)    Additional Prepayment  Pkvments The  prepaying    Borrower shall, on the date of the prepayment of any 
Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances,  pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender interest accrued to such date of 
prepayment on the principal  amount prepaid plus, in the case only of a prepayment on any date whích is not the last 
day of an applicable Eurodollar Interest Period, any amounts which may be required to compensate such Lender for 
any losses or out-of-pocket costs or expenses (including any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation 
or reemployment of deposits or other funds, but excluding loss of anticipated profits) incurred by such Lender as a 
result of such prepayment, provided that such Lender shall exercise reasonable efforts to minimize any such losses, 
costs and expenses. 

(d)  Eurodollar Raje Committed   Advance prepayment Expense If, due to the acceleration of any of the Committed 
Advances  pursuant to Section 6.2(b), an assignment, repayment or prepayment under Section 2.19, 2.20 or 2.21 or 
otherwise, any Lender receives payment of its portion of, or is subject to any Conversion from, any Eurodollar Rate 
Committed Advance  on any day other than the last day of an Interest Period with respect to such Committed Advance, 
the relevant Borrowers shall pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts which may be payable to 
such Lender by such Borrower by reason of payment on such day as provided in Section 2.12(c). 

2.13 lncreases  in Costa . 

(a)  Costa from Law  Qr Authorities If, due to either 

(1)  the introduction of, or any change (other than, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Borrowings, a change by way of 
imposition or an increase of reserve requirements described in Section 2.9) in, or new interpretation of, any law or 
regulation effective at any time and from time to time on or alter the date hereof, or 

(2)  the compliance with any guideline or the request from or by any central bank or other governmental authority ( 
whether or not having the force of law), 

there is an increase in the cost incurred by a Lender in agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any 
Eurodollar Rate Committed   Advance or Eurodollar Rate Bid Advance then or at any time thereafter outstanding ( 
excluding for purposes of this Section 2.13 any such increased costs resulting from (i) Taxes or Other Taxes (as to 
which Section 2.14 shall govem), (i» changes in the oasis of taxation of overall net income or overol! gross income by 
the United States or by the foreign jurisdiction or state under the laws of which such Lender is organized or has its 
Applicable Lending Office (or any political subdivision thereof) and (iii) FATCA), then TBC shall from time to time, 
upon demand  of such Lender  (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such 
Lender such  amounts as are required to compensate such Lender for such increased cost, provided that such Lender 
shall exercise reasonable efforts (consistent with its interna! policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to minimize 
any such increased cost and provided atter that the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such compensation 
with respect to any period prior to the 90th day before the date of any such demand, unless such introduction, change, 
compliance or request shall have retroactive effect to a date prior to such 90 tb day. A certificate as to the amount of 
such increase in cost, submitted to the relevant Borrowers and the Agent by such Lender, shall be conclusive and 
bindíng for all purposes under this Section 2.13(a), absent manifest error. 

(b)  increased Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that compliance with any law or regulation or any 
guidelines or request from any central bank or other governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law) 
which is enacted, adopted or issued at any time and from time to time alter the date hereof 


                                                 19 

atTects or would affect the amount of capital or liquidity required or expected to be maintained by such Lender (or any 
corporation  controlling such Lender) and that the amount of such capital or liquidity is increased by or based upon the 
existence of such Lender's Commitment  and  other commitments  of this type, then, upon demand by such Lender (with 
a copy of such demand  to the Agent), the Borrowers shall immediately pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender 
, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender in the light of 
such circumstances, to the extent that such Lender reasonably  determines such  Mercase in capital or liquidity to be 
allocable to the existence of such Lender's Commitment,  provided that such Lender shall exercise reasonable efforts ( 
consistent with its internal policy and legal and regulatory restrictions) to rninimize any such compensation payable by 
the Borrowers hereunder  and  provided further that the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such compensation 
with respect to any period prior to the 90th day before the date of any such demand, unless such introduction, change, 
compliance   or request shall have retroactive effect to a date prior to such 90 ib day. A certificate as to such amounts 
submitted to the relevant Borrowers  and the Agent by  such Lender, shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, 
absent manifest error. 

(e)                      lo I 4 •           . Upon receipt of notice from any Lender claiming compensation pursuant 
to this Section 2.13 or Section 2.14 and as long as no Default has occurred and is continuing, TBC shall have the right, 
on or before the 30th day alter the date of receipt of any such notice, 

(i) to arrange for one or more Lenders or other commercial  banks te assume the   Commitment of such Lender; subject 
, however,  to payment to the Agent by the assignor or the assignee of a processing and recording fee of $3,500, in the 
event  the assuming lender is not a Lender; or 

(ii)   to arrange for the Commitment  of  such Lender to be terminated  and all  Committed Advances   owed to  such 
Lender to be prepaid; 

and, in either case, subject to payment in full of all principal, accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts 
payable under this Agreement  and then owing  to such Lender immediately prior to the assignment or tennination of the 
Commitment   of such Lender. 

(d)  For the avoidance of  doubt, this Section 2.13 shall apply to all requests, tules, guidelines or directives concerning 
increased costs and capital adequacy or liquidity (i) issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer   Protection Act  and (ii) promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee   on 
Banking   Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in 
each case pursuant to Base111I, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

2.14   Tales  . 

(a)    Exclusion and Inclusion of Taxes .  Any and all payments by each  Borrower  hereunder or with  respect to any 
Advances  or under any Notes  shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.16, free and clear of and without deduction 
for any and  all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with 
respect thereto, excluding (i) in the case of each Lender and the Agent, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income 
by the United States and taxes that are imposed on its overall net income (and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) 
by the state or foreign jurisdiction under the laws of which such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) is organized 
or any political subdivision thereof and, in the case of each Lender, taxes that are imposed on its overall net income ( 
and franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof) by the state or foreign jurisdiction of such Lender's Applicable Lending 
Office or any political subdivision thereof and (fi) any United States withholding tax imposed under FATCA (all such 
non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges, withholdings and liabilities in respect of payments hereunder 
or with respect to any Advances or under any Notes, hereinafter referred to as " Taxes "). If any Borrower shall 


                                                   20 

be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect to any sum payable hereunder or with respect to any 
Advances or under any Note to any Lender or the Agent, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so 
that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 
2.14) such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no 
such deductions been made, (ii) such Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) such Borrower shall pay the full 
amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(b)  Fayment of Other Taxes . In addition, each Borrower shall pay any present or figure stamp, documentary, excise, 
property or similar taxes, charges, or levies that arise from any payment made hereunder or with respect to any 
Advances and under any Notes or from the execution, defivery or registration of, performance under, or otherwise with 
respect to, this Agreement or any Notes (" Other Taxes "). 

(e) Indemnification as lo Taxes . Each Borrower shall indemnify each Lender and the Agent for and hold it harmless 
against the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on amounts  payable 
under this Section 2.14), imposed on or paid by such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) and any liability ( 
including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification shall be made 
within 30 days from the date such Lender or the Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor. 

(d)   Evidence  of or Exemption from Taxes . Within 30 days after the date of any payment of Taxes, the Borrower 
which  paid such Taxes shall furnish to the Agent, at its address referred to in Section 8.2, the original or a certified 
copy of a receipt evidencing such payment. In the case of any payment hereunder or with respect to the Advances or 
under any Notes by or on behalf of any Borrower through an account or branch outside the United States or by or on 
behalf of any Borrower by a payor that is not a United States person, if the applicable Borrower determines that no 
laxes are payable in respect thereof, such Borrower shall furnish, or shall cause such payor to fumish, to the Agent, at 
such address, an opinion of counsel or other supporting documentation acceptable to the Agent stating that such 
payment  is exempt from Taxes. For purposes of this subsection (d) and subsection (e), the terms " United States " and 
" United States person " have the meanings apecified in Section 7701 of the Interna! Revenue Code. 

(e)  Status of Lender . For purposes of this Section 2.14(e), the term "Lender" includes the Agent. 

(i) Each Lender  organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States shall, on or prior to the date of its 
execution and delivery of this Agreement (in the case of each Lender Usted in Schedule I), and from the date on which 
any  other Lender  becomes a party hercio (in the case of each other Lender), and from time to time thereafter as 
requested in writing by TBC (but only so long thereafter as such Lender remains lawfully able to do so), provide each 
of the Agent and  TBC with two  original lnternal Revenue Service forms W-8BEN,      W-8IMY, or W-8EC  I , as 
appropriate, or any successor forro prescribed by the Interna! Revenue Service, to establish that such Lender is not 
subject to, or is entitled to a reduced rate of, United States withholding tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or 
with respect to any Advances or any Notes. If the forms provided by a Lender at the time such Lender first becomes a 
party to this Agreement indicates a United States interest withholding tax rate in excess of zero, withholding tax at such 
rate shall be considered excluded from Taxes unless and until such Lender provides the appropriate form certifying that 
a lower rate applies, whereupon withholding tax at such lower rate only shall be considered excluded from Taxes for 
periods governed by such form; provided , howqm   , that, if at the date on which a Lender becomes a party to this 
Agreement,  the Lender assignor was entitled to payments  under subsection 2.14(a) in respect of United States 
withholding tax with respect to interest paid at such date, then, to such extent, the term Taxes shall include (in addition 
to withholding laxes that may be imposed in the future or other amounts otherwise indudable in Taxes) United States 
withholding tax, if any, applicable with respect to the Lender assígnee on such date. If any form or docurnent referred 
to in this subsection 2.14(e) regules the 


                                                21 

disclosure of information, other than information necessary to compute the tax payable and information required on the 
date hereof by Interna' Revenue Service form W-8BEN, W-8IMY,  or W-8ECI, that the Lender reasonably considers to 
be confidential, the Lender shall give notice thereof to the relevant Borrowers and shall not be obligated to include in 
such form or document confidential information. 

(ii) Each Lender  that is a United States person shall deliver to TBC and the Agent on or prior to the date on which 
such Lender becomes  a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of 
TBC  or the Agent), executed originais of Interna' Revenue Service forms W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt 
from United States federal backup withholding tax. 

(iii) If a payment made to a Lender would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if 
such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in 
Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to TBC, at the time 
or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested in writing by TBC, such documentation 
prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and 
such additional documentation reasonably requested in writing by TBC as may  be necessary for each Borrower to 
comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations 
under FATCA    or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. For purposes of this Section 
2.14(e)(íii) FATCA shall include any Treasury regulations or interpretations thereof. 

(f)  Lender Failure to Provide IRS Forms . For any period with respect to which any Lender has failed to provide 
TBC  with the appropriate forro described in subsection 2.14(e) (other than if such failure is due to a change in law 
occurring after the date on which a form originally was required to be provided or if such form otherwise is not 
required under subsection 2.14(e)), such Lender shall not be entitled to indemnification under subsection (a) or (c) with 
respect to Taxes imposed by the United States by reason of such failure; provided , bowever , that should a Lender 
become subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a form required hereunder, TBC shall Cake such steps as such 
Lender shall reasonably request to assist such Lender to recover such Taxes. 

(g)  Treatment of Certain Refunds  . 1f the Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a 
refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a Borrower or with respect to which a 
Borrower  has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to 
such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under 
this Section with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of 
the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and wíthout  interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant 
governmental authority with respect to such refund), provided that such Borrower, upon the request of the Agent or 
such Lender agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges 
imposed by the relevant governmental authority) to the Agent or such Lender in the event the Agent or such Lender is 
required to repay such refund to such governmental authority. This paragraph shall not be construct' to require the 
Agent or  any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to. its taxes that it deems 
confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person. 

2.15 illegality If any Lender shall notify the Agent that either 

(b)  hiere is any introduction of, or change in or in the interpretation of, any law or regulation that in the opinion of 
counsel for such Lender in the relevant jurisdiction =Ices it unlawful, or 

(c)  any central bank or other govemmental authority asserts that it is unlawful 


                                                22 

for such Lender to continue to fund or maintain any Eurodollar Rate Advances or to perform its obligations hereunder 
with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, then, upon the issuance of such opinion of counsel or such 
assertion by a central bank or other govenunental authority, the Agent shall give notice of such opinion or assertion to 
the Borrowers  (accompanied by  such opinion, if applicable). The Borrowers shall forthwith (or at the end of the 
then-current lnterest Period if the Eurodollar Rate Advances may be lawfully maintained as Eurodollar Rate Advances 
until then) either 

(i)  prepay in full all Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances and all Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances made  by such 
Lender, with accrued interest thereon or 

(fi) Convert each such Eurodollar Rate Committed Advance made by such Lender into a Base Rate Advance. 

Upon such prepayment  or Conversion, the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances or 
Eurodollar Rate Bid Advances, or to Convert Committed Advances into Eurodollar Rate Committed Advances, shall be 
suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrowers that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exists. 

2.16 Payments   and   Computations 

(a)  Time and  Distribution of Paymenti The Borrowers shall make each payment hereunder and with respect to any 
Advances or under any  Notes, without counterclaim or setoff, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the 
day when due   in U.S. dollars to the Agent at the Agent's Account in same day funds. The Agent shall promptly 
thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or fees ratably (other than 
amounts  payable pursuant to Section 2.5, 2.9, 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 or 2.19) to the Lenders for the account of their respective 
Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such 
Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the tercos of this 
Agreement.  From  and alter the effective date of an assignment pursuant to Section 2.20, the Agent shall make all 
payments hereunder and with respect to any Advances or under any Notes in respect of the interest assigned thereby to 
the Lender assignee thereunder, and the parties to such assignment shall make all appropriate adjustments in such 
payments for the periods prior to such effective date directly between themselves. 

(b)  Computation  of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest based on clause (a) of the definition of Base Rate 
shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be. All computations of interest 
based on the Eurodollar Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate and of Facility Fees 
shall be made by the Agent, and all computations of interest pursuant to Section 2.9 shall be made by a Lender, on the 
basis of a year of 360 days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day 
) occurring in the period for which such interest or fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent (or, in the case of 
Section 2.9, by a Lender) of an interest Tate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all ~oses, absent manifest 
error. 

(e)  Payment  Due Dates . Whenever any payment  hereunder or with respect to any Advances or under any Notes shall 
be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business 
Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest or fee, as the 
case may be, but not tater than the Terrrúnation Date or, if the Terco Loan Conversion Option has been exercised, the 
Maturity Date; provided , however , if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar 
Rate Advances  to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 


                                                23 

(d)  Presumption  of Borrower Payment Unless the Agent receives notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which 
any payment is due to any Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment in full, the Agent may 
assume that such Borrower has made  such payment in full to the Agent on such date and the Agent may, in reliance 
upon such  assumption, cause to be distributed to each such Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount 
then due such Lender. If and to the extent that such Borrower has not made such payment in full to the Agent, each 
such Lender shall repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Lender together with 
interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date such Lender repays 
such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate. 

2.17 Sharing of Payments, Etc . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, 
obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Committed Advances or other obligations 
hereunder  resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Committed 
Advances   and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided 
herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for 
cash at face value) participations in the Committed Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make 
such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders 
ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed 
Advances  and other amounts owing them; provided that: 

(iii)  if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, 
such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; 
and 

(iv)   the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by any Borrower 
pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from 
the existente of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of 
or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Advances or participations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or 
participant, other than to a Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
). 

Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that 
any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights 
of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such 
Borrower  in the amount of such participation. 

2.18 Evidence  of  Debt 

(a)  Lender Rcords;  If Notes Required . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account 
or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Committed Advance 
owing  to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such 
Lender from time  to time hereunder in respect of Committed Advances. Each  Borrower shall, upon notice by any 
Lender to such Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Committed Note is required or 
appropriate in order for such Lender to evidente (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcernent or otherwise) the 
Committed  Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, such Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to 
such Lender a Committed  Note payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of 
such Lender. 


                                                 24 

(b)   Record of Borrowints , Payables and P. ents . The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 2.20( 
d) shall include a control account, and a subsidíary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be 
recorded 

(i)  the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder to each Borrower, the Type of Advances constituting 
such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, 

(ii)  the terms of each assignment pursuant to Section 2.20, 

(iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to 
each Lender hereunder, and 

(iv)  the amount of any sum receíved by the Agent from a Borrower hereunder and each Lender's share thereof. 

(c)   Evidence of Payment Obligations Entries made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection 
(b) aboye, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) aboye, shall be prima facie evidence 
of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from a Borrower to, in the case 
of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent 
manifest error; provided , however , that the failure of the Agent or such Lender to make an enty, or any finding that 
an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the 
Borrowers under this Agreement. 

2.19  Alteration of Commitments   and  Addition of Lenders . 

(a)   Alter Lender  Commitment . By a written agreement executed only by TBC, the Agent and the affected Lender 
and any non-party tender involved, 

(v)  the Commitment of such affected Lender may be increased to the amount set forth in such agreement; 

(vi)  such non-party lender may be added as a Lender with a Commitment as set forth in such agreement, provided 
that such lender agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement; and 

(vii)   the unused portion of the Commitment  of  such affected Lender may  be reduced or terminated and  the 
Committed  Advances owing  to such Lender may be prepaid in whole or in part, MI as set forth in such agreement. 

(b)   Conditions to Alteration . The Agent may execute any such agreement without the prior consent of any Lender 
other than the Lender affected, provided , however , that if at the time the Agent proposes to execute such agreement 
either (A) TBC's long-teten senior unsecured debt is rated by any two of S&P, Moody's and Fitch, lower than BBB- by 
S&P,  lower than Baa3 by Moody's or lower than BBB- by Fitch or (B) a Default has occurred and is continuing, then 
the Agent shall not execute any such agreement unless it has first obtained the prior written consent of the Majority 
Lenders, and provided furthei that the Agent shall not execute any such agreement without the prior written consent of 
the Majority Lenders if such agreement would  increase the total of the Commitments to an amount in excess of 
$2,465,000,000 or, pursuant to Section 2.19(c), $3,300,000,000. 

(c)   Increase Total Vpmmitment . The   Company has the right to increase the total of the Commitments through a 
Request for Alteration , in minimum  increments of $25,000,000, up to a maximum aggregate of   Commitments of 
$3,300,000,000, provided that, in addition to the requirements specified in Section 2.19(b), at the time of and after 
giving effect to an increase, TBC's long-term senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced debt ratings from any two of S&P, 
Moody's and Fitch are better than or equal to BBB-, Baa3 and 


                                                25 

BBB-, respectively. The  Company  may offer the proposed increase (the " Proposed Increased Commitment  ") to 
such Lender(s) or third party fmancial institutions acceptable to the Agent (" New Lenders ") as the Company may 
select, provided that 

(i)  such selected Lender(s) and such New Lender(s) shall have the right, but no obligation, to increase (or establish) 
its Commitment, by giving notice thereof to the Agent, to all or a portion of the Proposed Increased Commitment, 
allocations to be at the sole discretion of the Company, and 

(ii) that the mínimum commitment of each New  Lender equals or exceeds $25,000,000. 

(d)   Request for Alteration . The Agent shall give each Lender prompt notice of any such agreement  becoming 
effective. All requests for Lender consent under the provisions of this Section 2.19 shall specify the date upon which 
any such increase, addition, reduction, termination, or prepayment shall become effective (the " Effective Date ") and 
shall be made by   means of a Request for Alteration substantially in the form as set forth in Exhibit C. On the 
Effective Date on which the Commitment  of any Lender is increased, decreased, terminated or created or on which 
prepayment is made, all as described in such Request for Alteration, the Borrowers or such Lender, as the case may be, 
shall malee available to the Agent not later than 12:30 p.m. (New York City time) on such date, in same day funds, the 
amount, if any, which may be required (and the Agent shall distribute such funds received by it to the Borrowers or to 
such Lenders, as the case may be) so that at the close of business on such date the sum of the Committed Advances of 
each Lender then outstanding shall be in the same proportion to the total of the Committed Advances of a11 the Lenders 
then outstanding as the Commitment of such Lender is to the total of the Commitments. The Agent shall give each 
Lender  notice of the amount to be made available by, or to be distributed to, such Lender at least 3 Business Days 
before such payment is made. 

2.20 Assignments;  Sales of Participations and Other Interesta in Advances . 

(a)  Assignment of Lender  Obligations . From time to time each Lender may, with the prior written consent of TBC ( 
so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) and subject to the qualifications set forth below, assign 
to one or more Lenders or an Eligible Assignee all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement ( 
including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Committed Advances owing to it and the 
Committed Note, if any, held by it) and will, at any time, if arranged by the Company pursuant to clause (i)(A) below 
upon at least 30 days' notice to such Lender and the Agent, assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, all of its Commitment, the Committed Advances 
owing to it and the Committed Note, íf any, held by it); subject to the following: 

(i)  If such Lender notifies TBC and the Agent of its intent to request the consent of TBC to an assignment, or if any 
Lender  is a Defaulting Lender, TBC shall have the right, for 30 days alter receipt of such notice or notice from the 
Agent that such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, as the case may be, and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, in its sole discretion either (A) to arrange for one or more Eligible Assignees to accept such assignment 
or, in the case of a Defaulting Lender, an assignment of all of such Lender's Committed Advances and Commitment (a 
" Required Assignment   ") or (B) other than in the case of a Defaulting Lender, to arrange for the rights and 
obligations of such Lender (including, without limitation, such Lender's Commitment), and the total Commitments, to 
be reduced by an amount  equal  to the amount of such Lender's Commitment     proposed to  be assigned and, in 
connection with such reduction, to prepay that portion of the Committed Advances owing to such Lender which it 
proposes to assign; 

(ii) If  TBC fails to notify such Lender within 30 days of TBC's receipt of such Lender's request for consent to 
assignment, the Borrowers shall be deemed to consent to the proposed assignment; 


                                                  26 

(iii)  Any such assignment  shall not require any Borrower to file a registration statement with the Securities and 
Exchange    Commission or apply to qualify the interests in the Committed Advances under the blue sky laws of any 
state and the assigning Lender shall otherwise comply with all federal and state securities laws applicable to such 
assignment; 

(iv)  Unless TBC  consents, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender being assigned pursuant to any 
such assignment (detennined  as of the date of the assignment) shall either (A) equal 50% of all such rights and 
obligations (or 100% in the case of a Required Assignment) or (B) not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple 
of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; 

(v)   Unless either (x) TBC consents or (y) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the aggregate amount 
of the Commitment assigned  pursuant to all such assignments of such Lender (afler giving effect to such assignment) 
shall in no event exceed 50% (except in the case of a Required Assignment) of all such Lender's Commitment (as set 
forth in Schedule 1, in the case of each Lender that is a party hereto as of November 4, 2015, or as set forth in the 
Register as the aggregate Commitment assigned to such Lender pursuant to one or more assignments, in the case of any 
assignee); 

(vi)   No Lender shall be obligated to make a Required Assignment unless such Lender has received payments in an 
aggregate  arnount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of all Committed Advances being assigned, 
together with accrued interest thereon to the date of payment of such principal amount and all other amounts payable to 
such Lender under this Agreement (including without limitation Section 2.12(c), provided that such Lender shall 
receive its pro rata share of the Facility Fee on the next date on whích the Facility Fee is payable); and 

(vii)  In  connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such 
assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to 
the assignment shall make such addítional payments to the Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upen distribution 
thereof as appropriate (which  may be outright payment, purchases  by the assignee of participations, or other 
compensating  actions, including funding, with the consent of TBC, the applicable pro rata share of Committed 
Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and 
assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting 
Lender to the Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as 
appropriate) its full pro rata share of ail Committed Advances with its ratable portion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective 
under  applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall 
be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs and except to the 
extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a 
waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(b) Effect of  Lender Assignment . From and alter the effective date of any assignment pursuant to Section 2.20(a), (i) 
the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been 
assigned to it pursuant to such assignment, it shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and (ii) the 
Lender assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant 
to such assignment, relinquish its rights (other than its rights under Section 2.13, 2.14, 2.19 or 8.3 to the extent any 
claim thereunder relates to an event arising prior to such assignment) and be released from its obligations under this 
Agreement (and, in the case of an assignment covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender's rights and 
obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 


                                                 27 

(c)  Security Interest; Assignmentto Lender Affiliate . Notwithstanding Section 2.20(a) or any other provision in this 
Agreement, any  Lender  may, upon prior or contemporaneous notice to TBC and the Agent, at any time (i) create a 
security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including without limitation, the Advances 
owing to it and the Notes held by it, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including in favor of any Federal 
Reserve  Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any other 
governmental  agency or instrumentality, and (fi) assign all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Committed Advances owing to it and 
the Committed Note held by it, if any) to an Affiliate of such Lender unless the result of such an assignment would be 
to increase the cost to any Borrowers of requesting, borrowing, continuing, maintaining, paying or converting any 
Advances. 

(d)   Agent's Register . The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at its 
address referred to in Section 8.2 a copy of each assignment delivered to and accepted by it and a register for the 
recordation of the narres and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Committed 
Advances  of each Borrower owing  to, each Lender from time to time (the " Register "). The entries in the Register 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agent and the Lenders 
may treat each entity whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. 
The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrowers or any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to 
time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon receipt by the Agent from the assigning Lender of an assignment in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Agent executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee representing that it is an Eligible 
Assignee, together with  evidence of each Committed  Advance   subject to such assígnment, an  Administrative 
Questionnaire for such assignee and a processing and recording fee of $3,500 (payable by either the assignor or the 
assignee), the Agent shall, if such assignment is a Required Assignment or has been consented to by TBC to the extent 
required by Section 2.20(a) or has been effected pursuant to Section 2.21(c), (i) accept such assignment, (fi) record the 
information contained therein in the Register, and (iii) give prompt notice thereof to TBC. 

(e)   Lender Sale of Participatioo . Each Lender may sell particípations in all or a portion of its rights and obligations 
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitment, the Advances owing to it and 
the Notes held by ít, if any) to one or more Affiliates of such Lender or to one or more other financial institutions; 
provided , however , that 

(i)   any such participation shall not require any Borrowers to file a registration statement with the Securities and 
Exchange  Commission or apply to qualify any interests in the Advances or any Notes under the blue sky laws of any 
state and the Lender selling or granting such participation shall otherwise comply with all federal and state securities 
laws applicable to such transaction, 

(fi) no purchaser of such a participation shall be considered to be a "Lender" for any purpose under the Agreement, 

(iii) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its Commitment to the Borrowers 
) shall remain unchanged, 

(iv) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, 

(y)  such Lender   shall remain the holder of any Notes issued with respect to its Advances for all purposes of this 
Agreement, 


                                                28 

(vi) the Borrowers, the Agent  and the other Lenders shall contante to deal solely and directly with such Lender in 
connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, 

(vii) no participant under any such participation shall have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement or any Note, or any consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, except to the 
extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or 
other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to the extent subject to such participation, or postpone any date fixed for 
any payment  of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, in each case to 
the extent subject to such participation, and 

(viii) such Lender shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on 
which it enters the narne and address of each purchaser of such a participation and the principal amounts (and stated 
interest) of each such Person's interest in its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
all or a portion of its Cornmitment, the Advances owing to it and the Notes held by it, íf any) (the " Participant 
Register "); provided that such Lender shall not have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant 
Register (including the identity of any Person or any information relating to a Person's interest in any commitments, 
loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent that such 
disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form 
under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat eacb Person whose name is recorded in the Participant 
Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the 
contrary. The Borrower agrees that each purchaser of such a participation shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 
2.14 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.14(e) (it being 
understood that the  documentation required under Section 2.14(e)  shall be delivered to the Lender selling the 
participation)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 
2.20(a). 

(t)   Confidential   Borrower Informen .  Any Lender may, in connection with any assignment or participation or 
proposed assignrnent or participation pursuant to this Section 2.20, disclose to the assignee or participant or proposed 
assignee or participant, any information relating to the Borrowers furnished to such Lender by or on behalf of the 
Borrowers; provided , however , that, prior to any such disclosure of Confidential Information, such Lender shall obtain 
the written consent of the Borrowers, and the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant shall agree to 
preserve the confidentiality of any such Confidential Information received by it from such Lender except as disclosure 
may be required or appropriate to governmental authorities, pursuant to legal process, or by law or governmental 
regulation or authority. 

2.21  Extension  of Termination Date . 

(a)  Extension Request  . TBC may, on behalf of itself and the Subsidiary Borrowers, by written notice to the Agent in 
the form of Exhibit E (each such notice being 033 " Extension Request ") given no earlier than 60 days and no later 
than 45 days prior to the then applicable Termination Date, request that the then applicable Termination Date be 
extended to a date 364 days alter the then applicable Termination Date; provided , however , that TBC shall not have 
exercised the Term Loan Conversion Option for Comrnitted  Advances outstanding on such Termination Date prior to 
such time. Such extension shall be effective with respect to each Lender which, by a written notice in the form of 
Exhibit F (a " Continuation Notice ") to TBC and the Agent given no earlier than 45 days and no later than 28 days ( 
unless otherwise agreed by TBC and the Agent) prior to the then applicable Termination Date, consents, in its sole 
discretion, to such extension (each Lender giving a Continuation Notice being referred to sometimes as a " Continuing 
Lender " and each Lender other than a Continuing Lender being a " Non-Extending Lender "), provided , however , 
that such extension shall be effective only if the aggregate Cornmitments of the Continuing Lenders, together with the 


                                                 29 

Commitments  of the Replacement Lenders, are greater than 50% of the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders on the 
date of the Extension Request. No   Lender  shall have any obligation to consent to any such extension of the 
Termination Date. The Agent shall notify each Lender of the receipt of an Extension Request within three (3) Business 
Days after receipt thereof. The Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders no later than 15 days prior to the then 
applicable Termination Date whether the Agent has received Continuation Notices from Lenders holding more than 
50%  of the aggregate Commitments on the date of the Extension Request. 

(b)     Non-Extending Lenders . The Commitment   of each Non-Extending  Lender shall terminate at the close of 
business on the Termination Date in effect prior to the delivery of such Extension Request without giving any effect to 
such proposed extension, and on such Termination Date TBC shall Cake one of the following three actions: 

(i)  Replace the Non-Extending Lenders pursuant to Section 2.21(c); or 

(ii) Pay  or cause to be paid to the Agent, for the account of the Non-Extending Lenders, an amount equal to the 
Non-Extending  Lenders' Committed Advances, together with accrued but unpaid interest and fees thereon and all other 
amounts then payable hereunder to the Non-Extending Lenders; or 

(iii) By giving notice to the Agent no later than three days prior to the Termination Date in effect prior to the delivery 
of such Extension Request, elect not to extend the Termination Date beyond the then applicable Termination Date, and 
in this event the Borrowers may in their sole discretion repay any amount of the Committed Advances then outstanding 
or exercise the Term Loan Conversion Option with respect to the Committed Advances outstanding on the Termination 
Date in accordance with Section 2.3. 

(e)  Replacement  Leudas . A  Non-Extending Lender shall be obligated, at the request of TBC, to assign at any time 
prior to the close of business on the Termination Date applícable to such Non-Extending Lender all of its rights (other 
than rights that would survive the termination of the Agreement pursuant to Section 8.3) and obligations hereunder to 
one or more Lenders or other commercial banks  nominated by TBC and willing to become Lenders in place of such 
Non-Extending  Lender (the " Replacement   Lenders "). la order to qualify as a Replacement Lender, a Lender or 
lender must satisfy all of the requirements of this Agreement (including without linntation the terms of Section 2.20 
relating to Required Assignments). Such obligation of each Non-Extending Lenders is subject to such Non-Extending 
Lender's receiving (i) payment in full from the Replacement Lenders of the principal amount of all Advances owing to 
such Non-Extending  Lender immediately prior to an assignment to the Replacement Lenders and (ii) payment in full 
from the relevant Borrowers of all accrued interest and fees and other amounts payable hereunder and then owing to 
such Non-Extending  Lender immediately prior to the assignment to the Replacement Lenders. Upon such assignment, 
the Non-Extending Lender shall no longer be a Lender, such Replacement Lender shall become a Continuing Lender, 
and the Agent shall make appropríate entries in the Register to reflect the foregoing. 

2.22  Subsidiary   Borrowers 

(a)  Subsidiary Borrower Designation . TBC  may  at any time, and from time to time, by delivery to the Agent of a 
Borrower  Subsidiary  Letter  substantially in the form of Exhibit D, duly executed by TBC and the respective 
Subsidiary, designate such Subsidiary as a " Subsidiary Borrower  " for purposes of this Agreement, and  such 
Subsidiary shall thereupon become a "Subsidiary Borrower" for purposes of this Agreement and, as such, shall have all 
of the rights and obligations of a Borrower hereunder; proided that any designation of a Subsidiary that is organized 
under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America shall be made only upon 30 days prior notice to 
the Agent. The Agent shall promptly notífy each Lender of each such designation by TBC and the identity of the 
designated Subsidiary. As soon as possible and in any event within 10 Business Days after notice of the designation of 
a Subsidiary Borrower that is 


                                                30 

organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, any Lender that may not legally lend 
to such Subsidiary Borrower (a " Protesting Lender ") shall so notify TBC and the Agent in writing. With respect to 
each Protesting Lender, TBC shall, effective on or before the date that such Subsidiary Borrower shall have the right to 
borrow hereunder, either: 

(iv)   arrange for one or more Lenders or other commercial banks to assume the Commitment  of such Protesting 
Lender; subject , however , to payment to the Agent by the assignor or the assignee of a processing and recording fee of 
$3,500, in the event the assuming tender is not a Lender; or 

(v) arrange for the Commitment   of such Protesting Lender to be tenninated and all Committed Advances owed to 
such Lender lo be prepaid; 

subject, in either case, to payment in full of all principal, accrued and unpaid interest, fees, commissions and other 
amounts  payable  under this Agreement and then owing  to such Lender  immediately  prior to the assignment or 
termination of the Commitment of such Lender. 

If the Company shall designate as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder any Subsidiary not organized under the laws of the 
United States or any State thereof, any Lender may, with notice to the Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment 
by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Subsidiary Borrower. 

(b)    TBC  Consent to Subsidiary Borrower Borrowings  and Notices . No Advances shall be made to a Subsidiary 
Borrower, and no Conversion  of any Advances at the request of a Subsidiary Borrower shall be effective, without, in 
each  and every instance, the prior consent of  TBC, in its sole discretion, which shall be evidenced by  the 
countersignature of TBC to the relevant Notice of Borrowing or notice of Conversion. In atklition, no notices which are 
to be delivered by a Borrower hereunder shall be effective, with respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, unless the notice 
is countersigned by TBC. 

(c)    Subsidiary Borrower Tenninahon_Event . The occurrenee of any of the following events with respect to any 
Subsidiary Borrower shall constitute a " Subddiary Borrower Termination Event " with respect to such Subsidiary 
Borrower: 

(ix) such Subsidíary Borrower ceases to be a Subsidiary; 

(x)  such Subsidiary Borrower is liquidated or dissolved; 

(xi) such Subsidiary Borrower fails to preserve and maintain its existence; 

(xii)  such Subsidiar), Borrower merges or consolidates with or into another Person, or conveys, transfers, loases, or 
otherwise disposes of (whether in one transactíon or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of íts assets ( 
whether now   owned or hereafter acquired) to any Person (except that a Subsidiary Borrower may merge into or dispose 
of assets to another Borrower); 

(xiii) any of the "Events of  Default" described in Section 6.1(a) through (f) ocetu-s to or with respect to such 
Subsidiary Borrower as if such Subsidiary Borrower were "TBC"; or 

(xiv) the Guaranty with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower ceases, for any reason, to be valid and binding on TBC 
or TBC so states in writíng. 

(d)    Terminated Subsidiary Borrower Upon  the occurrence of  a Subsidiary Borrower   Termination Event with 
respect to any Subsidiary Borrower, such Subsidiary Borrower (a " Terminated Subsidiary Borrower ") shall cease 
to be a Borrower for purposes of this Agreement and shall no longer be entitled to request or 


borrow   Advances hereunder. Afi outstanding Advances of a Terminated Subsidiary Borrower shall be automatically 
due and payable as of the date on which the Subsidiary Borrower Termination Event of such Terminated Subsidiary 
Borrower  occurred, together with accrued interest thereon and any other amounts then due and payable by that 
Borrower  hereunder, unless, in the case of a Subsidiary Borrower Tennination Event described in paragraph (iv) of 
Section 2.22(c), the other Person party to the transaction is a Borrower and such other Borrower has assumed in writing 
ah of the outstanding Advances and  other obligations under this Agreement  and under the Notes, if any, of the 
Tenninated Subsidiary Borrower. 

(e)  TBC  as Subsidiary Borrowers' Aunt . Each of the Subsidiary Borrowers hereby appoints and authorizes TBC to 
take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to TBC by 
the tercos hereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

     Subsidiaries' Several Liabilities . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each of the 
Subsidiary Borrowers shall be severally fiable for the liabilities and obligations of such Subsidiary Borrower under this 
Agreement and its Borrowings,  and Notes, if any. No Subsidiary Borrower sha be fiable for the obligations of any 
other Borrower under this Agreement or any Borrowings of any other Borrower or any other Borrower's Notes, if any. 
Each Subsidiary Borrower shall be severally fiable for afi payments of the principal of and interest on Advances to such 
Subsidiary Borrower, and any other amounts due hereunder that are specifically allocable to such Subsidiary Borrower 
or the Advances to such Subsidiary Borrower. With respect to any amounts due hereunder, including fees, that are not 
specifically allocable to a particular Borrower, each Borrower shall be fiable for such amount pro rata in the same 
proportion as such Borrower's outstanding Advances bear to the total of thenoutstanding Advances to all Borrowers. 

2.23   Defaulting Lenders 

(a)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any payment of principal, interest, facility 
fees or other amounts received by the Agent for the account of any Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether 
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article 6 or otherwise) shall be applied at such time or times as may 
be reasonably determined by the Agent as follows: firat , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting 
Lender to the Agent hereunder; second , as the Borrowers may request (so long as no Default exista), to the funding of 
any  Advance in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this 
Agreement, as reasonably determined by the Agent; third , if so reasonably determined by the Agent and the Borrowers 
, to be held as cash collateral and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Advances 
under thís Agreement; fourdi , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a 
court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting 
Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth , so long as no Default exista, to the payment of any 
amounts  owing to any Borrower as  a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such 
Borrower  against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this 
Agreement; and .sixth  , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; 
provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Committed Advance in respect of which 
such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were mane at a time when the 
applicable conditions set forth in Article 3 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the 
Committed   Advances of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any 
Committed   Advances of such Defaulting Lender and provided further that any amounts held as cash collateral for 
funding obligations of a Defaulting Lender sha]] be returned to such Defaulting Lender upon the termination of this 
Agreement and the satisfaction of such Defaulting Lender' s obligations hereunder. Any payments, prepayments or 
other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting 
Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.23 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such 
Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 


                                                32 

(b)    No Revolving  Credit Commitment   of any Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected, and, except as 
otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.23, performance by the Borrowers of their obligations shall not be 
excused  or otherwise modified as a result of the operation of this Section 2.23. The rights and remedies against a 
Defaulting Lender under this Section 2.23 are in addition to any other rights and remedies which the Borrowers, the 
Agent or any Lender may  have against such Defaulting Lender. 

(c)  If the Borrowers and the Agent agree in writing in their reasonable determination that a Defaulting Lender should 
no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the 
effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements 
with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding 
Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the 
Advances  to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their ratable portions, whereupon such 
Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to 
fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of any Borrower while that Lender  was a Defaulting Lender; and 
provided  further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder 
from  Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from 
such Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. 

                                                 ARTICLE 3 
                                       Representations and  Warranties 

3.1   Representations  and Warranties by the Borrowers . Each of the Borrowers representa and warrants as follows 


(f)   Corporate Standing . TBC is a duly organized corporation existing in good standing under the laws of the State of 
Delaware. Each Subsidiary  Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization, and each of TBC and each Subsidiary Borrower is qualified to do business in every 
jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a material 
adverse effect on the fmancial condition of TBC and the Subsidiary Borrowers as a whole. 

(g)   Corporate Powers: Governmental  Approvats  . The execution and delivery and the performance of the terms of 
this Agreement are, and the execution and delivery and the performance of the terms  of any Notes and of each 
Guaranty  will be, within the corporate powers of each Borrower party thereto, have been or will have been (as 
appropriate) duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, have, or will have, received (as appropriate) all 
necessary governmental   approval, if any (which approval, if any, remains in fuil force and effect), and do not 
contravene any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of any Borrower party thereto, or do not 
contravene any  law or  any contractual restriction binding on any Borrower party thereto, except where  such 
contravention would not have a material adverse effect on the fmancial condition of TBC and íts Subsidiarios, taken as 
a whole. 

(h)   Enforceability . This Agreement and the Notes, if any, when duly executed and delivered by each Borrower party 
thereto, will constítute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Borrower, enforceable against such Borrower in 
accordance with their respective terms, and each Guaranty, when duly executed and delivered by TBC, will constitute a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of TBC, enforceable against TBC in accordance with its tercos, subject to general 
equitable principies and except as the enforceability thereof may be lirnited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws of general application relating to creditors' rights. 


                                                 33 

(i)   No Material Pending or Threatened Actions . In TBC's opinion, there are no pending or threatened actions or 
proceedings before any court or administrative agency (i) other than as disclosed in TBC's filings with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission,  that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or 
operations of the Company which is likely to materially impair the ability of the Company to repay the Advances or (ü) 
which would reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement or the Advances. 

(j)   Consolidated Statements . The Consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2014 and the 
related Consolidated statement of earnings and retained earnings for the year then ended (copies of which have been 
furnished to each Lender) correctly set forth the Consolidated financial condition of TBC and its Subsidiaries as of 
such date and the result of the Consolidated operations for such year. The Consolidated statement of financial position 
as of September 30, 2015 and the related Consolidated statement of earnings and retained earnings for the nine month 
period then ended (copies of which have been fumished to each Lender) correctly set forth, subject to year-end audit 
adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of TBC and its Subsidiaries as of such date and the result of the 
Consolidated operations for such nine month period. 

(k)   Regulation  U . No Borrower is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or 
carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System,  and no proceeds of any Advance will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to 
others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock. Following application of the proceeds of each 
Advance, not more than  25 percent of the value of the assets (either of any Borrower only or of each Borrower and its 
subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 4.2(a) or subject to any restriction contained 
in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower and any tender  or any Affiliate of a Lender relating to Debt 
within the scope of Section 6.1(d) will be margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System). 

(1)   inveatment Company Act . No Borrower is an "investment company," or an "affiliated person" of, or "promotor" 
or "principal underwriter" for, an "investrnent company," as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended. Neither the making of any Advances, nor the application of the proceeds or repayment thereof by 
any Borrower, nor the consummation of the other transactions contemplated hereby, will violate any provision of such 
Act or any rule, regulation or arder of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder. 

(m)   No Material Adverse Change . Except as disclosed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior 
to the date hereof, there has been no material adverse change in the Company's financial condition or results of 
operations since December 31, 2014 that is likely to impair the ability of the Company to repay the Advances. 

(n)   Anti-Corruption  Laws and Sanctions . TBC has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures 
designed to promote compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws  and applicable Sanctions by TBC, its Subsidiaries and 
their respective directors, officers, employees and , to the extent commercially reasonable, agents under the control and 
acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiarles, and TBC, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and 
to the knowledge of TBC its directors and agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries, are 
in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws  and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) TBC, any 
Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of TBC, any agent under 
the control and acting on behalf of TBC or any Subsidiary in connection with the credit facility established hereby, is a 
Sanctioned Person. 





                                                 34 

                                                ARTICLE 4 


                                             Covenants   of TBC 

4.1   Affirmative Covenants  of TBC  . From the date of this Agreement and so long as any amount is payable by a 
Borrower to any Lender hereunder or any Commitment is outstanding, TBC will: 

(b)  Periodic Reporte . Furnish to the Lenders: 

(1)  withín 60 days alter the close of each of the first three quarters of each of TBC's fiscal years, a Consolidated 
statement of financial position of TBC and the Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and a  Consolidated 
comparative statement of earnings and retained earnings of TBC and the Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the 
end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, each certified by an authorized officer of TBC, 

(2)  within 120 days after the close of each of TBC's fiscal years, and with respect to any quarter thereof, if requested 
in writing by the Majority Lenders (with a copy to the Agent), within 60 days after the later of (x) the close of any of 
the first three quarters thereof subject of such request and (y) such request, a statement certified by an authorized 
officer of TBC showing in detall the computations required by the provisions of Sections 4.2(a) and 4.2(b), based on 
the figures which appear on the books of account of TBC and the Subsidiaries at the close of such quarters, 

(3)  within 120 days after the clase of each of TBC's fiscal years, a copy of the annual audit report of TBC, certified 
by independent public accountants of nationaily recognized standing, together with financial statements consisting of a 
Consolidated  statement of financial position of TBC and the Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and a 
Consolidated statement of earnings and retained eamings of TBC and the Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, 

(4)  within 120 days after the close of each of TBC's fiscal years, a statement certified by the independent public 
accountants who shall have prepared the corresponding audit report furnished to the Lenders pursuant to the provisions 
of clause (3) of this subsection (a), to the effect that, in the course of preparing such audit report, such accountants had 
obtained no knowledge, except as specífically stated, that TBC had been in violation of the provisions of any une of 
Sections 4.2(a), 4.2(b), 4.2(c) and 4.2(d), at any time during such fiscal year, 

(5)  promptly upon their becoming available, all financial statements, reports and proxy statements which TBC sends 
to its stockholders, 

(6)  promptly upon their becoming  available, 11 regular and periodic financial reports which TBC or any Subsidiary 
files with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange, 

(7)  within 3 Business Days after the discovery of the occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default, notice of 
such occurrence together with a detailed statement by a responsible officer of TBC of the steps being taken by TBC or 
the appropriate Subsidiary to cure the effect of such event, and 

(8)  such other information respecting the financial condition and operations of TBC or the Subsidiaries as the Agent 
may  from time to time reasonably request. 

In lieu of fumishing the Lenders the items referred to in clauses (1), (3), (5) and (6) aboye, the Company may make 
available such items on the Company's website at www.boeing.com  , at  www.sec.gov or at such other website as 
notified to the Agent and the Lenders, which shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirement of delivery of such 
items in accordance with this Section. 


                                                 35 

(e)    Payment  of Taxes , El . Duly  pay and discharge, and  cause each  Subsidiary duly to pay and discharge, all 
material taxes, assessments  and  govemmental    charges upon it or against its properties prior to a date which is 5 
Business   Days after the date on which penalties are attached thereto, except and to the extent only that the same shall 
be contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings by TBC or the appropriate Subsidiary. 

(d)    Insurance Maintain, and  cause each  Subsidiary to maintain, with financially sound and reputable  insurance 
companies  or  associations, insurance of the kinds, covering the risks and in the relative proportionate amounts usually 
carried by companies engaged   in businesses similar to that of TBC or such Subsidiary, except, to the extent consistent 
with  good business practices, such insurance may be provided by TBC through its program of self insurance. 

(e)    Corporate Existente . Preserve and maintain its corporate existence. 

(t)    Material Compliance With Laws .  Comply, and cause each  Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with all 
applicable taus (including  ERISA and applicable  environmental laws), except to the extent that failure to so comply 
would  not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations of the Company; and  maintain in 
effect policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions by 
TBC,   its Subsidiaries and theír respective directors, officers, employees and, to the extent commercially reasonable, 
agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries. 

4.2    General  Negative  Covenants  of TBC   . From the date of this Agreement  and so long as any  amount shall be 
payable by TBC   or any other Borrower to any Lender   hereunder or any   Commitment shall be outstanding, TBC will 
not: 

(b)    Mortgages , Liens , E.L. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any mortgage, piedge, lien, security interest or 
other  charge or encumbrance (including the lien or retained security title of a conditional vendor) upon or with respect 
to any of  its Property, Plant and Equipment, or upon or with respect  to the Property, Plant and Equipment of  any 
Subsidiary, or assign or otherwise convey, or permit any Subsidiary to assign or otherwise convey, any right to receive 
income  from or with respect to its Property, Plant and Equipment, except 

(1)  liens in connection with workmen's compensation,     unemployment insurance or other social security obligations; 

(2)    liens securing the performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed tnoney), 
leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, liens to secure progress or partial payments made to TBC or such 
Subsidiary and  other liens of like nature made in the ordinary course of business; 

(3)   mechanics', workmen's, materialmen's  or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of 
obligations which  are not due or which are being contested in good faith; 

(4)  liens for taxes not yet due or being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings by TBC or the affected 
Subsidiary; 

(5)  liens which arise in connection with the leasing of equipment in the ordinal.), course of business; 

(6)  liens on Property, Plant and Equipment owned  by TBC  or any  Subsídiary of TBC existing on September 30, 2015 



                                                    36 

(7)  liens on assets of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolídated with TBC or a 
Subsidiary of TBC or at the time of purchase, lease, or acquisition of the property or Voting Stock of such Person as an 
entirety or substantially as an entirety by TBC or a Subsidiary of TBC, whether or not any Debt secured by such liens 
is assumed by TBC or such Subsidiary, provided that such líen are not created in anticipation of such purchase, lease, 
acquisition or merger; 

(8)  liens securing Debt of a Subsidiary of TBC owing to TBC or to another Subsidiary; 

(9)  liens on assets existing at the time of acquisition of such property by TBC or a Subsidiary of TBC or purchase 
money liens to secure the payment of all or part of the purchase price of property upon acquisition of such assets by 
TBC   or such Subsidiary or to secure any Debt incurred or guaranteed by TBC or a Subsidiary prior to, at the time of, or 
within one year after the later of the acquisition, completion or construction (including any improvements on existing 
property), or commencement  of full operation, of such property, which Debt ís incurred or guaranteed solely for the 
purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price thereof or construction or improvements thereon; provided , 
however , that ín the case of any such acquisition, construction or ímprovement, the lien shall not apply to any property 
theretofore owned by TBC    or such Subsidiary other than, in the case of such construction or improvement, any 
theretofore unimproved real property on which the property so constructed or the improvement made is located; 

(10) liens securing obligations of TBC or a Subsidiary incurred in conjunction with industrial revenue bonds or other 
instruments utilized in connection with incentive structures for tax purposes issued for the benefit of TBC or a 
Subsidiary in connection with any Property, Plant and Enuipment used by TBC or a Subsidiary; 

(11)   any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements) in whole or in part 
of any lien referred to in the foregoing; provided , howeyer , that the principal amount of Debt secured thereby shall not 
exceed the principal amount of Debt so secured at the time of such extension, renewal or replacement and that such 
extension, renewal or replacement shall be limited to all or any part of the property that secured the lien so extended, 
renewed or replaced (plus improvements and construction on such property); and 

(12) other liens, charges and encumbrances, so long as the aggregate amount of the Consolidated Debt for which all 
such liens, charges and encumbrances serve as security does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 

(c)   Consolidated Debt Permit its Consolidated Debt (subject to Section 4.3) to be at any time more than 60% of 
Total Capital, where " Total Capital " mearas the sum of shareholders' equity and Consolidated Debt of TBC, provided 
that any accumulated other comprehensive income and loss will be excluded. 

(d)   Payment  in Violation of an Agreement . Make any payment, or permit any Subsidiary to make any payment, of 
principal or interest, on any Debt which payment would constitute a violation of the terms of this Agreement or of the 
tercos of any indenture or agreement binding on such corporation or to which such corporation is a party except to the 
extent such payment is not likely to impair the ability of TBC to repay the Advances. 

(e)   Merger or Consolidation . Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, tease, or otherwise dispose of ( 
whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or 
bereafter acquired) to any Person except that TBC may merge or consolidate with any Person so long as TBC is the 
surviving corporation and no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, and except that any 
direct or indirect Subsidiary of TBC may merge or consolidate with or into, or dispose of assets to, TBC or any other 
direct or indirect Subsidiary of TBC, provided , in each 


                                                 37 

case, that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such proposed transaction or would result 
therefrom. 

(1)  Use of Proceeds  . Directly use, or knowingly indirectly use, or permit its Subsidiaries and its or their respective 
directors, officers, employees and agents under the control and acting on behalf of TBC or its Subsidiaries to directly 
use, or knowingly indirectly use, the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, 
or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in (x) violation of the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as arnended, or (y) material violation of any other Anti-Corruption Laws, (fi) 
for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in 
any Sanctioned Country except to the extent licensed, authorized or otherwise permitted under applicable law. 

4.3   Financial Statement Terma . For purposes  of Section 4.2(b), (a) ad accounting terms shall exclude amounts 
attributable to Boeing Capital Corporation and its Subsidiaries and Boeing Financial Corporation, a  Delaware 
corporation; and (b) Total Capital shall exclude the effects of (i) any merger-related accounting adjustments which are 
attributable to the merger with or acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corporation by TBC and (ii) any repurchase by 
TBC of its common stock from the date of the merger with or acquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corporation by TBC. 

4.4   Waivers of Covenants . The departure by TBC or any Subsidiary from the requirements of any of the provisions 
of this Article 4 shall be permitted only if such departure has been consented to in advance in a writing signed by the 
Majority Lenders, and such writing shall be effective as a consent only to the specific departure described in such 
writing. Such departure by  TBC or any Subsidiary when properly consented to by the Majority Lenders shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.1(c). 



                                                ARTICLE 5 
                                     Conditions Precedent  to  Borrowings 

5.1    Conditions Precedent  to the lnitial Borrowing of TBC . The obligation of each Lender to make íts initial 
Advance  to TBC is subject to receipt by the Agent on or before the day of the initial Borrowing of all of the foliowing, 
each dated as of the day hereof, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel: 

(b)   Documentation, . Copies of all documents, certified by an offic,er of TBC, evidencing nccessary corporate action 
by TBC  and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement, to the Notes, if any, and to Guaranties to 
be delivered by TBC pursuant to Section 5.4(e); 

(c)   Officer"s Certficate . A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC which certifies the narres of 
the officers of TBC authorized to sign this Agreement, the Notes, if any, and the other documents to be delivered 
hereunder, together with true specimen signatures of such officers and facsimile signatures of officers authorized to 
sign by facsimile signature (on which certificate each Lender may conclusively rely until it receives a further certificate 
of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC canceling or amending the prior certificate and submitting specimen 
signatures of the officers named in such further certificate); 

(d)   Opinion of Company Counsel . A  favorable opinion of in-house counsel for TBC substantially in the forro of 
Exhibit G; 

(e)    Opinion of Agent's Counsel . A favorable opinion of Shearman   & Sterling LLP, counsel for  the Agent, 
substantiaily in the form of Exhibit H; 


                                                38 

(f)   Termination of 2011 Credit Agreement   TBC shall have terminated in whole the commitments  of the banks 
parties to the 2011 Credit Agreement; and 

(g)   Satisfaction of 2011 Credit Agreement Obligations TBC and its Subsidiaries shall have satisfied all of their 
respective obligations under the 2011 Credit Agreement including, without limitation, the payment of all fees under 
such agreement. 

(h)   £YC Material s . To the extent that the applicable information is not available from the Company's website at 
www.boeing.com  ,  at www.sec,gov or at such other website as notified to the Agent and the Lenders, TBC shall have 
provided such materials and information as are reasonably necessary for each Lender to conduct know-your-customer 
due diligence, provided such information is reasonably requested by such Lender in writing at least five Business Days 
prior to the Effe,ctive Date. 

5.2   Conditions   Precedent to Each Committed    Borrowing of TBC   . The obligation of each Lender to make a 
Committed  Advance on the occasion of each Committed Borrowing (including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the 
further conditions precedent that on the date of the request for a Commítted Borrowing and on the date of such 
Borrowing,  the following statements shall be true, and both the giving of the applicable Notice of Committed 
Borrowing and the acceptance by TBC of the proceeds of such Committed Borrowing shall be a representation by TBC 
that: 

(b)   the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than 
clause (i) of subsection (d) there«) are true and accurate on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each 
such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date); and 

(c)   as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Committed 
Borrowing, which constitutes a Default. 

5.3   Conditions Precedent  to Each Bid  Borrowing of TBC . The obligation of any Lender to make a Bid Advance 
on the occasion of a Bid Borrowing (including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(b)   Notice of Bid Borrowing The Agent shall have received the written confumatory Notice of Bid Borrowing with 
respect thereto; 

(c)   Bid Notes . On or before the date of such Bid Borrowing, but prior to such Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have 
received a Bid Note payable to the order of such Lender for each of the one or more Bid Advances to be made by such 
Lender as pan of such Bid Borrowing, in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Bid Advance to be 
evidenced thereby and otherwise on such tercos as were agreed to for such Bid Advance in accordance with Section 2.5 


(d)   periodie Reports . Each Lender intending to make a Bid Advance shall have received the statements provided (or 
deemed provided) by TBC pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(1), (2) and (3); and 

(e)   gepresentations . On the date of such request and the date of such Borrowing, the foliowing statements shall be 
trae, and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by TBC of the proceeds of such 
Bid Borrowing shall be a representation by TBC that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause 
(i) of subsection (d) thereof) are true and accurate on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such 
date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date); and 


                                                39 

(ii) as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Bid Borrowíng, 
which constitutes a Default. 

5.4   Conditions  Precedent to the Initial Borrowing of a Subsidiary Borrower . The obligation of each Lender to 
make  its initial Advance to any particular Subsidiary Borrower is subject to the receipt by the Agent, on or before the 
day of the initial Borrowing by such Subsidiary Borrower, of all of the following, each dated on or prior to the day of 
the initial Borrowing, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and its counsel: 

(b)   Dorrower Subsidiary Letter . A Borrower Subsidiary Letter, substantially in the forro of Exhibit D, executed by 
such Subsidiary Borrower and TBC; 

(c)   Documentation  . Copies  of all documents, certified by an officer of the Subsidiary Borrower, evidencing 
necessary corporate action by the Subsidiary  Borrower and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this 
Agreement and any  Notes; 

(d)   Officerlslertifteate . A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC or the Subsidiary Borrower 
which certifies the names of the officers of the Subsidiary Borrower authorized to sign the Notes and the other 
documents to be delivered hereunder, together with true specimen signatures of such officers and facsimile signatures 
of officers authorized to sign by facsimile signature (on which certificate each Lender may conclusively rely until it 
receives a further certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of TBC or the Subsidiary Borrower canceling or 
amending  the prior certificate and submitting signatures of the officers named in such further certificate); 

(e)     Opiniou Jaf Subsidiary Counsel . A favorable opinion of in-house counsel to the Subsidiar), Borrower, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit 1 and as to such other matters as Me Agent may reasonably request; 

(f)   TBC   Guaranty . A Guaranty of TBC  that unconditionally guarantees the payment of all obligations of such 
Subsídiary Borrower hereunder and under the Notes of such Subsidiary Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit J 
, executed and delivered by TBC to the Agent; 

(g)   Opinion  otTBC Comise] . A favorable opinion of in-house counsel to TBC, substantially in the forro of Exhibit 
K and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably request; and 

(h)   KYC   Material . To the extent that the applicable infonnation is not available from die Company's website at 
www.boeing.com  , at www.sec.gov or at such other website as notified to the Agent and the Lenders, TBC shall have 
provided such materials and information as are reasonably necessary for each Lender to conduct know-your-customer 
due diligente, provided such information is reasonably requested by such Lender in writing at least five Business Days 
prior to the initial Borrowing or initial issuance for the account of such Subsidiary Borrower. 

5.5   Conditions   Precedent to Each  Committed  Borrowing  of a Subsidiary Borrower  . The obligation of each 
Lender to make  a  Committed Advance  to a Subsidiary Borrower on the occasion of each Committed  Borrowing ( 
including the initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of the request for such 
Committed Borrowing   and the date of such Borrowing, the following statements shall be true, and each of the giving of 
the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing and the acceptance by such Subsidiary Borrower of the proceeds of 
such  Committed Borrowing shall be (a) a representation by such Subsidiary Borrower that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties of that Subsidiary Borrower contained (A) in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) 
of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are trae and accurate on 


                                                 40 

and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and 
warranties relate solely to an earlier date), and (8) in its Borrower Subsidiary Letter are true and correct on and as of 
the date of such Borrowing, before and alter giving effect to such Borrowing; and 

(ii) as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Conunitted 
Borrowing,  which constitutes a Default; 

and (b) a representation by TBC that the representations and warranties of TBC contained in subsections (a) through (g 
) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are true and accurate on and as of each such date 
as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely 
to an earlier date), and that, as of each such date, no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the 
proposed  Committed Borrowing, which constitutes a Default. 

5.6   Conditions  Precedent to  Each Bid Borrowing  of a Subsidiary Borrower . The obligation of any Lender to 
make a  Bid Advance to any particular Subsidia' Borrower on the occasion of each Bid Borrowing (including the 
initial Borrowing) is subject to the further conditions precedent that: 

(i)  Notice of Bid Borrowing . The Agent shall have received the wrítten confirmatory Notice of Bid Borrowíng with 
respect thereto; 

(j)  Bi     tes On or before the date of such Bid Borrowing, but prior to such Bid Borrowing, the Agent shall have 
received a Bid Note payable to the orden of such Lender for each of the one or more Bid Advances to be made by such 
Lender as part of such Bid Borrowing, in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Bid Advance to be 
evidenced thereby and otherwise on such tercos as were agreed to for such Bid Advance in accordance with Section 2.5 


(k)  Periodic Reports . Each Lender intending te make a Bid Advance shall have received the statements provided (or 
deemed provided) by  TBC pursuant to Section 4.1(aX1), (2) and (3); and 

(1)  Subsidiary Representations . On the date of such request and the date of such Borrowíng, the following statements 
shall be true, and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Bid Borrowing and the acceptance by the Subsidiary of 
the proceeds of such Bid Borrowing shall be (a) a representation by such Subsidiary Borrower that: 

(i)  the representations and warranties contained (A) in subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than 
clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower are true and accurate on and as of each 
such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties 
relate solely to an earlier date), and (13) in its Borrower Subsidiary Letter are true and correct on and as of the date of 
such Borrowing, before and alter giving effect to such Borrowing; and 

(ii) as of each such date no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Bid Borrowing 
which constitutes a Default. 

(m)     TBC Representation . A representation by TBC that the representations and warranties of TBC contaíned in 
subsections (a) through (g) and (i) of Section 3.1 (other than clause (i) of subsection (d) thereof) are trae and accurate 
on and as of each such date as though made on and as of each such date (except to the extent that such representations 
and warranties relate solely te an earlier date), and that, as of each such date, 


                                                 41 

no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Committed Borrowing which constitutes a 
Default. 



                                                ARTICLE 6 


                                              Events of  Default 

6.1  Events of Default . Each of the foliowing shall constitute an Event of Default: 

(j)  Failure by TBC to make  when due any payment of principal of or ínterest on any Advance or under a Guaranty 
when the same  becomes due and payable and such failure is not remedied within 5 Business Days thereafter; 

(k)  Any  representation or warranty made by TBC in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
the Borrowings or any Guaranty, or otherwise furnished pursuant hereto proves to have been incorrect when made in 
any material respect; 

     Failure by TBC to perform any other temí, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement, and such failure is 
not remedied within 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to TBC by the Agent, at the request, or with the 
consent, of the Majority L,enders; 

(m)   Failure by   TBC to pay when due (i) any obligation for the payment of borrowed  money on any regularly 
scheduled payment date or following acceleration thereof or (ii) any other monetary obligation if, in the case of either 
of clauses (i) or (ii), the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the obligations with respect to which such failure to pay 
or acceleration occurred equals or exceeds $150,000,000 and such failure is not remedied within 5 Business Days after 
TBC  receíves notice thereof from the Agent or the creditor on such obligation; 

(n)  TBC  or any of its Subsidiaries 

(1)  incurs liability with respect to any employee pension benetit plan in excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate 
under 

(A)  Sections 4062, 4063, 4064 or 4201 of ERISA; or 

(B)  otherwise under Title IV of ERISA as a result of any reportable event within the meaning of ERISA (other than a 
reportable event as to which the provision of 30 days' notice is waived under applicable regulations); 

(2)  has a lien imposed on its property and rights to property under Section 4068 of ERISA on account of a liability in 
excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate; or 

(3)  incurs liability under Titie IV of ERISA 

(A)  in excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate having filed a 
notice of intent to terminate any employee pension benefit plan under the "distress termínation" provision of Section 
4041 of ERISA, or 

(B)   in excess of $150,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation having 
instituted proceedings to termínate, or to have a trustee appointed to administer, any such plan; 


                                                42 

     The happening of any of the following events, provided such event has not then been cured or stayed: 

     the cessation by TBC of the payment of its Debts as they matare, 

     the making of an assignment for the benefit of the creditors of TBC, 

     the appointment of a trustee or receiver or liquidator for TBC or for a substantial part of its property, or 

(4)  the institution of bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or similar proceedings by or against TBC 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in which TBC is organized or has material business, operations or assets and, in the 
case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain 
undismissed  or unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without 
limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for, it or any substantial part of its property and assets) shall occur; or 

(p)  So long as any Subsidiary is a Borrower hereunder, the Guaranty with respect to such Subsidiary Borrower for 
any reason ceases to be valid and binding on TBC or TBC so states in writing. 

6.2  Lenders'  Rights  upon Borrower  Default . If an Event of Default occurs or is continuing, then the Agent shall 
at the request, or may with the consent, of the Majority Lenders, by notice to TBC, 

(f)  declare the oblígation of each Lender to make further Advances to be terminated, whereupon the same shall 
forthwith terminate, and 

(g)  declare the Advances, all interest thereon, and all other amounts payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due 
and payable, whereupon the Advances, sil such interest, and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due 
and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly 
waived by the Borrowers, provided , hoy= , that in the event of an actual entry or, in the case of the institution by 
TBC  of a proceeding described in Section 6.1(f)(4), a deemed entry, of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower 
under the Federal Bankruptcy Code (whether in connection with a voluntary or an involuntary case), (i) the obligation 
of each Lender to make Advances shall automatically be terminated and (ii) the payment obligations of the Borrowers 
with respect to Advances, all such interest, and all such amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable, 
without presentment, demand, protest, or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the 
Borrowers. 

                                                ARTICLE 7 
                                                 The   Agent 

7.1  Appointment   and  Authority . Each Lender (in íts capacity as a Lender) hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to 
act on its behalf as the Agent hereunder and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such 
powers  as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably 
incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, and the 
Borrowers shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that 
the use of the term "agent" herein (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any 
fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such 
term is used as a master of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship 
between contracting parties. 


                                                43 

7.2    Rights as a Lender . The  Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its 
capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may  exercise the same as though it were not the Agent, and the term " 
Lender" or "Lenders"  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits 
from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for, and generaily 
engage in any kind of business with, the Company  or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were 
not the Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 

7.3  Eaculpatory  Provisions 

(n)   The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein, and its duties hereunder 
shall be administrativo in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent: 

(iii) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is 
continuing; 

(iv)    shall not have any  duty to take any discretionary  action or exercise any discretionary powers,    except 
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated  hereby that the Agent is required to exercíse as directed in 
writing by the Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for 
herein); provided that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, 
may expose the Agent  to liability or that is contrary to this Agreement or applicable law, including for the avoidance of 
doubt  any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any  debtor relief law or that may effect a 
forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any debtor relief law; and 

(v)  shall not, except as expressly set forth herein, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be fiable for the failure to 
disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtaíned by the 
Person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; 

provided, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent agrees to give to each Lender prompt notice of each notice 
given to it by the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this  Agreement. The  Agent further agrees to make a request 
pursuant to Section 4.1(aX8) at the request of any Lender, and to share such requested information with the Lenders. 

(o)  The  Agent shall not be Hable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the 
Majority  Lenders (or such other number  or percentage  of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agent shall 
believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 8.1 and 6.2), or (ii) in the 
absence of its own gross negligence or willful nusconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final 
and nonappealable judgment.  The  Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge  of any Default unless and until notice 
describing such Default is given to the Agent in writing by the Company or a Lender. 

(p)   The Agent  shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or 
representation  mute in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contento of any certificate, report or other 
document  delivered  hereunder  or in connection  herewith or the adequacy, accuracy   and/or   completeness of the 
information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms 
or conditions  set forth herein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or 
genuineness of this Agreement  or any other agreement,  instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any 
Lien or security interest created or purported to be created 


                                                   44 

hereby, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth ín Article 5 or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the 
foregoing clause  (fi)) to confirm receipt of iteras expressly required to be delivered to the Agent. 

7.4   Reliance  by Agent . The  Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, 
any notice,  request, certifícate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic 
message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, 
sent  or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or 
by telephone  and believed by  it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying 
thereon. In determining compliance with  any condition hereunder  to the making of an Advance that by its tercos must 
be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender 
urden the Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The 
Agent   may  consult with legal counsel (who  may be counsel for the  Borrower), independent accountants  and other 
experts selected by it, and shall not be fiable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any 
such counsel, accountants or experts. 

7.5  Indemnification 

(d)   Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Agent in its capacity as Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by TBC or any 
other  Borrower), from and against its ratable share of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, 
actions, judgtnents, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, 
incurred by, or asserted against the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken or 
omitted by the Agent under this Agreement  (collectively, the " Indemnified Costs "), provided that no Lender shall be 
fiable for any portion of the Indemnified Costs resulting from the Agent's gross negligence or willful  misconduct. 
Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Agent promptly  upon demand  for its ratable 
share of any out-of-pocket expenses (including counsel fees) incurred by the Agent in connection with the preparatiort 
execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment   or enforcement  (whether through negotiations, legal 
proceedings or otberwise)  of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement to the extent 
that the Agent ís not reimbursed for such expenses by TBC or any other Borrower. 

(e)   The failure of any Lender to reimburse  the Agent  promptly upon    demand for its ratable share of any amount 
required to be paíd by the Lenders to the Agent as provided herein shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation 
hereunder to reimburse the Agent for its ratable share of such amount, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure 
of any other Lender to reimburse the Agent for such other Lender's ratable share of such amount. Without prejudice to 
the survival of any other agreement of any Lender hereunder, the agreement and obligations of each Lender contained 
in this Section 7.5 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and 
under the Notes.  The Agent agrees to return to the Lenders their respective ratable sitares of any amounts paid under 
Chis Section 7.5 that are subsequently reimbursed by  TBC or any Borrower. In the case of any investigation, litigation 
or  proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Costs, this Section 7.5 applies whether any such investigation, litígation 
or  proceeding is brought by the Agent, any Lender or a third party. 

7.6   Resignation  of Agent 

(b)   The Agent   may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Company. Upon receipt of any 
such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders shall have the right with the consent of the Company (if no Event of 
Default  has occurred and  is continuing), such consent  not to be  unreasonably withheld or delayed, to  appoint a 
successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affíliate of any such bank with an office in 
the United States. If no such successor shall have been so 


                                                   45 

appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days alter the retiring Agent 
gives notice of its resignation (or such earlíer day as shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders) (the " Resignation 
Effective Date "), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a 
successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth aboye with the consent of the Company (if no Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Whether or not a successor has 
been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective 
Date. 

(c)  If the Person serving as Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (y) of the definition thereof, the Majority 
Lenders  may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in wrifing to the Company and such Person remove 
such Person as Agent and, with the consent of the Company (if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), 
such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so 
appointed by the Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as 
shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders) (the ",Removal Effective Date "), then such removal shall nonetheless become 
effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(d)  With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or 
removed  Agent  shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (except that in the case of any collateral 
security held by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders hereunder, the retiring or removed Agent shall continue to hold 
such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and 
determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, 
until such time, if any, as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for aboye. Upon the acceptance 
of a successor's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the 
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Agent, and the retiring or removed Agent shall be 
discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Company to a successor Agent 
shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such successor. 
Alter the retixing or removed Agent's resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.4 
shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Agent, its subagents and their respective Related 
Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of thern while the retiring or removed Agent was 
acting as Agent. 

7.7      Delegadon of Duties . The Agent may perform  any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers 
hereunder by or through any one or more subagents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such subagent may 
perform  any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The 
exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such subagent and to the Related fintes of the Agent and any 
such subagent. 

7.8  Non-Reliance  on Agent  and Other  Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges  that it has, independently and without 
reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any  of their Related Parties and hased on such  documents and 
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each 
Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any 
of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, 
continuo to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon Ibis Agreement or any related 
agreement or any docuznent furnished hereunder. 

7.9    No Other Duties, etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, 
Syndication Agents or   Documentation Agents Usted  on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or 
responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Agent or a Lender hereunder. 


                                                46 

                                                ARTICLE 8 
                                                Miseellaneons 

8.1   Modificadon, Consents and   Waivers 

(b)   Waiver  No failure or delay on the part of any Lender in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as 
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power hereunder. No notice to or demand on the Borrowers in any 
case shall entitle the Borrowers to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

(c)   Amendment  . No  amendment   or  waiver of any provision of this Agreement, any Committed Notes  or any 
Guaranties, nor consent to any departure by the Borrowers therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless such 
amendment,  waiver or consent is in writing and signed by the Company and the Majority Lenders, and then such 
amendment,  waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which 
given; provided , bowever , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall do any of the following: 

(xv)  waive any of the conditions specified in Section 5.1 or 5.4, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, 

(xvi)  except as provided in Section 2.19 or Section 2.21, increase or extend the Commitments of the Lenders or 
subject the Lenders to any additional obligations, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby, 

(xvii) reduce the principal of, or rete of interest on, the Committed Advances or any fees or other amounts payable 
bereunder, unless in writing and signed by each Lender directly affected thereby, 

(xviii) except as provided in Section 2.21, postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the 
Committed   Advances or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder, unless in writing and signed by each Lender 
directly affected thereby, 

(xix)  change the percentage of the Commitments  or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Committed 
Advances  or the number of Lenders required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder, or the 
definition of "Majority Lenders", unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, 

(xx) arnend this Section 8.1, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, or 

(xxi)  release TBC   from any of  its obligations under any Guaranty or lirnit the liability of TBC as guarantor 
thereunder, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders; 

and provided further that no amendment, waiver, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Agent in addirion 
to the Lenders required aboye to take such action, affect the rights or duties of the Agent under this Agreement or any 
Note. 

(d)  Majnátaenders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8.1 shall not affect the provisions of Section 4.4, 
"Waivers of Covenants", or Anide 6, "Events of Default". 


                                                47 

8.2 Notices . 

(c)   Addresses Ml communications  and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing and mailed, telecopied, 
telexed or delívered and, 

if to the Agent, as set forth on Schedule II; 

if to any Borrower, 

cate of The Boeing Company 
100 N. Riverside 
Mail Code: 5003 3648 
Chicago, Illinois 60606 
Attention: Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Finance and Banking 
facsimile number (312) 544-2399 

if to any Lender, at its Domestic Lending Office; or, 

as to each party, at such other address as designated by such party in a written notice to each other party referring 
specifically to this Agreement. 

(d)  EffeclivenQss of Notices . AIl communications and notices shall, when mailed, telecopied, or telexed, be effective 
when  deposited in the mail, telecopied, or confirmed by telex answerback, respectively, provided that delivery of the 
items referred to in clauses (1), (3), (5) and (6) of Section 4.1(a) shall be effective when deemed to have been delivered 
as provided in such Section. Delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of any arnendment or waiver of any 
provision of this Agreement or any Notes or of any Exhibit to be executed and delivered hereunder shall be effective as 
delivety of a manual ly executed counterpart thereo£ 

(e)  Electronic Mail . Electronic mail may be used to distribute routine communications, such as financial statements 
and other information, and  documents to be signed by the parties hereto; provided , however , that no Notice of 
Borrowing, signature, or other notice or document intended to be legally binding shall be effective if sent by electronic 
mail. 

(f)   Internet Distributions 

(1)   So long as Citibank or any of its Affiliates is the Agent, such materials as may be agreed between the Borrowers 
and the Agent may  be delivered to the Agent in an electronic medium in a format acceptable to the Agent and the 
Lenders by e-mail at oploanswebadtnin@citigroup.com. The Borrowers agree that the Agent may make such materials, 
as well as any other written information, documents, instruments and other material relating to the Company, any of its 
Subsidiaries or any other materials or matters relating to Ibis Agreement, the Notes or any of the transactions 
contemplated   hereby (collectively, the " Communications ") available to the Lenders by posting such notices on 
Intralinks (the " Ud= "). The Borrowers acknowledge  that (i) the distribution of material through an electronic 
medium  is not necessarily secare and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution, (ii) 
the Platform is provided "as is" and "as available" and (iii) neither the Agent nor any of its Affiliates warrants the 
accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the  Communications or the Platform and each expressly disclaims liability for 
errors or omissions in the Communications or the Platform. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, 
including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of 
third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by the Agent or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with the Platform. 


                                                 48 

(2)    Each Lender  agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) (a " Notice ") specifying that any 
Communications   have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of such information, documents or 
other materials to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement; provided that if requested by any Lender the Agent shall 
deliver a copy of the Communications to such Lender by email or telecopier. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Agent 
in writing of such Lender's e-mail address to which a Notice may be sent by electronic transmission (including by 
electronic communication) on or before the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time 
thereafter to ensure that the Agent has on record an effective e-mail address for such Lender) and (ii) that any Notice 
may be sent to such e-mail address. 

8.3  Costa, Expenses   and Tases. 

(b)   TBC  shall pay  upon written request all reasonable costa and expenses in connection with the preparation, 
execution, delivery, modification and amendment requested by any of the Borrowers of this Agreement, any Notes and 
the Guaranties (including, without limitation, printing costa and the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of 
counsel for the Agent) and costa and expenses, if any, in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement, any Notes 
and the Guaranties (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise and including, without limitation, the 
reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel), as well as any and all stamp and other taxes, and to save the 
Lenders and other holders of interests in the Advances or any Notes harmless from any and all liabilities with respect to 
or resulting from any delay by or omission of the Borrowers to pay such taxes, if any, which may be payable or 
determined to be payable in connection  with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, any Notes and  the 
Guaranties. 

(c)    TBC agrees to indemnify the Agent and each Lender and each of their Affiliates and their officers, directora, 
employees, agents and advisors (each, an " indemnified Party ") from and against any and all claims, darnages, loases, 
liabilities, penalties and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by 
or asserted or awarded against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or by reason of ( 
including, without limitation, in connection with any investigation, litigation or proceeding or preparation of a defense 
in connection therewith) the Advances, this Agreement, the Notes, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the 
actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Advances, except to the extent such claim, damage, loas, liability or 
expense resabed from such Indemnified Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct and except that no Indemnified 
Party shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder to the extent such indemnification relates to relationships of, 
between or among each of, or any of, the Agent, the Lenders, any assignee of a Lender or any participant. In the case of 
any investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which this Section 8.3 applies, such indemnity shall be effective 
whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by TBC, its directora, shareholders or creditors or 
an Indemnified Party or any other Person or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the 
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated. The Borrowers also agree not to assert any claim on any theory of 
liability for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages against the Agent, any Lender, any of their Affiliates, 
or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents, arising out of or otherwise relating to the 
Notes, this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated herein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of 
Advances. 

(d)   Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrowers hereunder, the agreements and 
obligations of the Borrowers contained in Sections 2.13, 2.14 and 8.3 shall survive the payment in fuil of principal, 
interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes for a period of seven years. 

8.4   Binding Effect . 'This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrowers, the Lenders 
and the Agent, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrowers may not assign or transfer their 
rights hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders. 


                                                 49 

8.5 Severability . Any  provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as 
to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalídating the 
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or 
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

8.6    Governing Law   . This Agreement, any Notes, the Guaranties and each Borrower Subsidiary Letter shall be 
deemed to be contracts under the laws of the State of New York and for al' purposes shall be construed in accordance 
with the laws of such State. 

8.7   Headings . The Table of Contents and Anide and Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience 
only and shall not affect the construction of this Agreement. 

8.8    Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different 
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which  taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature 
page  to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this 
Agreement. 

8.9    Right of Set-Off . Each Lender and each of its Affiliates that is or was at one time a Lender hereunder is 
authorízed at any time and from time to time, upon 

(v) the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default and 

(vi)  the making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by Section 6.2 10 authorize. the Agent to declare 
any Advances due and payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.2. 

to the fullest extent permitted by law, without notice to any Borrower (any such notice being expressly waived by each 
Borrower), to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any 
time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account 
of any  Borrower against any and all of the obligations to such Lender or such Affiliate of such Borrower now or 
hereafter existing under this Agreement and any Notes held by such Lender, whether or not such Lender has made a 
demand  under this Agreement or such Notes and  although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Lender shall 
promptly notify any Borrower after any such setoff and application made by such Lender, providal that the failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of each Lender under this Section 
are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of setoff) which such Lender and 
its Affiliates may have. 

8.10   Confidentiality . Neither the Agent nor any Lender shall disclose any Confidential Information to any other 
Person without the consent of a Borrower, other than 

(a) to the Agent's or such Lender's Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and 
advisors (" permitted Parties ") and their respective professional advisors and, as contemplated by Section 2.20(f), to 
actual or prospective assignees and participants and their respective agents and advisors, and then only on a 
confidential basis, 

(b) as required by any law, role or regulation or judicial process, 

(c)  any rating agency, or direct or indirect provider of credit protection to any Permitted Party, and then only on a 
confidential basis; and 


                                                50 

(d)    as requested  or  required by any state, federal or foreign regulatory, supervisory, governmental   or 
quasi-govermnental authority with jurisdiction over a Perrnitted Party or exarniner regulating banks or banking or other 
financial institutions. 

The Agent and the Lenders are strictly prohibited from disclosing the existence of this Agreement and information 
about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers. 

8.11 Agreement in Effect . This Agreement shall become effective upon its execution and delivery, respectively, to 
the Agent and  TBC  by  TBC and the Agent, and when the Agent shall have been notified by each Lender listed on 
Schedule 1 that such Lender has executed it. 

8.12 Patriot Act Notice Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the 
Company  that pursuant to the requirements of Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub.L. 107-56 (signed 
into law October 26, 2001)) and the promulgated regulations thereto (the " Patriot Act "), ít is required to obtain, verify 
and record information that identifies each Borrower, which information includes the name and address of such 
Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify such Borrower in 
accordance with the Patriot Act. Each Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information 
and Cake such actions as are reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Agent and the 
Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act. 

8.13 JurisdIctIon, Etc . 

(b)   Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York 
City, Borough of Manhattan, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or the Notes, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that ah claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be 
heard and determined in any such New York State court or, to the extent pennitted by law, in such federal court. Each 
Subsidiary Borrower  hereby agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be made upon the 
Company  and each Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Company its authorized agent to accept such 
service of process, and agrees that the failure of the Company to give any notice of any such service shall not impair or 
affect the validity of such service or of any judgment rendered in any action or proceeding based thereon. Each 
Borrower hereby further irrevocably consents to the service of process in any action or proceeding in such courts by the 
mailing thereof by any parties hereto by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its address 
specified pursuant to Section 8.2. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or 
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by law. 

(c)   Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and 
effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or 
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any New York State or federal court. Each of the 
parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to 
the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 

8.14  No Fiduciary Duty 

TBC agrees that in connection with ah aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in 
connection therewith, TBC and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agent, the Lenders 


                                                51 

and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not creare, by implication 
or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Agent, the Lenders or their respective Affiliates and no such duty 
will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. 

8.15   Waiver of Jury Trial 

Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right ít may have to 
a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or índirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (a) certifies 
that no representative, agent or attorney of any other person has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
person would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the 
other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and 
certifications in this Section. 




                                                   52 

        IN WITNESS    WHEREOF,   the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by theír officers 
thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first aboye written. 

                                                THE BOEING COMPANY 

                                             By /s/ Ruud P. Roggekamp 
                                                Name:  Rudd P. Roggekamp 
                                                Title: Assistant Treasurer 

                                             CITIBANK,   N.A., Individually and 
                                             as Agent 

                                             By /si Susan M Ohm 
                                                Name:  Susan M. Olsen 
                                                Title: Vice President 

                                             Syndication Agent 

                                             JPMORGAN     CHASE   BANK,   N.A. 

                                             By /s/ Matthew H. Massie 
                                                Name:  Matthew H. Massie 
                                                Title: Managing Director 

Documentation Agents 

BANK  OF AMERICA,   N.A. 

By /s/ Mukesh Singh 
   Name: Mukesh Singh 
   Title: Vice President 

MIZUHO   BANK,  LTD. 

By /si Donna DeMagistris 
   Name: Donna DeMagistris 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

WELLS   FARGO  BANK, N.A. 

By /s/ Mark Holm 
   Name: Mark Holm 
   Title: Managing Director 

Leuden 

BARCLAYS     BANK PLC 

By ¡s/ Kayode Sulola 
   Name: Kayode Sulola 
   Title: Assistant Vice President 
Executed in London, United Kingdom 

BNP    PARIBAS 

By /sí Melissa Dykj, 
   Name: Melissa Dyki 
   Title: Director 

By /s/ Kwang Kyun Choi 
   Name: Kwang Kyun Choi 
   Title: Vice President 

THE    BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI    UFJ, LTD. 

By /s/ Thomas .1. Sten 
   Name: Thomas J. Sterr 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

DEUTSCHE     BANK AG   NEW YORK  BRANCH 

By /st Ming K. Chut 
   Name: Ming K. Chu 
   Titie: Vice President 

By Lotlirádilandwaist 
   Name: Heidi Sandquist 
   Titie: Director 

ROYAL   BANK   OF CANADA 

By /s/ Richard C. Smith 
   Name: Richard C. Smith 
   Titie: Authorized Signatory 

SUMITOMO     MITSUI BANKING   CORPORATION 

By Isl David W. Kee 
   Name: David W. Kee 
   Titie: Managing Director 

SANTANDER    BANK,  N.A. 

By /s/ William Maag 
   Name: William Maag 
   Title: Managing Director 

GOLDMAN    SACHS  BANK   USA 

By /s/ Rebecca Kratz 
   Name: Rebecca Kratz 
   Title: Autborized Signatory 

MORGAN     STANLEY   BANK, N.A. 

By /s/ belichael King 
   Name: Michael King 
   Title: Authorized Signatory 

CREDIT   AGRICOLE  CORPORATE    AND  INVESTMENT    BANK 

By /s/ Gordon Yip 
   Name: Gordon Yip 
   Title: Director 

By /a/ Mark Koneval 
   Name: Mark Koneval 
   Title: Managing Director 

DBS  BANK   LTD. 

By /si Ong Sie Wei 
   Name: Ong Sie Wei 
   Titie: Senior Vice President 

SOCIETE  GENERALE 

By /s/ Linda Tain 
   Name: Linda Tam 
   Titie: Director 

U.S. BANK  NATIONAL   ASSOCIATION 

By /s/ Batey P. Litwin 
   Name: Barry P. Litwin 
   Title: Senior Vice President 

NBAD  AMERICAS   N.V. 

By /s/ Pamela Sigda 
Name: Pamela Sigda 
Title: Sr. Vice President 

By /si Nagy S. K911 
Name: Nagy S. Kolta 
Title: Country Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
   Wholesale Banking - USA 

BANK  OF  CHINA,  NEW   YORK BRANCH 

By /s/ Haifeng Xu 
Name: Haifeng Xu 
Title: Executive Vice President 

BAYERISCHE    LANDESBANK,    NEW  YORK     BRANCH 

By /s/ Matthew DeCarlo 
Name: Matthew DeCarlo 
Title: Senior Director 

By / 5/ Rolf Siebert 
Name: Rolf Siebert 
Title: Executive Director 

BANCO   BILBAO    VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA    S.A., NEW YORK 
BRANCH 

By /s/ Brian Crowley 
Name: Brían Crowley 
Title: Managing Director 

By /s/ Luca Sacchi 
Name: Luca Sacchi 
Title: Managing Director 

INDUSTRIAL   AND COMMERCIAL      BANK  OF CHINA  LIMITED, 
NEW  YORK  BRANCH 

By /s/ Kan Ches 
Name: Kan Chen 
Title: Vice President 

By /s/ Lidia Zhou 
Name: Linjia Zhou 
Title: Executive Director 

LLOYDS    BANK PLC 

By /s/ Erin Doherty 
Name: Erin Doherty 
Title: Assistant Vice President 

By /si Daven Popat 
Name: Daven Popat 
Titie: Senior Vice President 

THE  NORTHERN    TRUST     COMPANY 

By /s/ Daniel J. Boote 
Name: Daniel J. Boote 
Title: Senior Vice President 

AUSTRALIA   AND   NEW    ZEALAND BANKING   GROUP 
LIMITED 

By /s/ Robert Grillo 
Name: Robert Grillo 
Title: Director 

THE  BANK  OF NEW  YORK     MELLON 

By áLkhuilmathas 
Name: Jolm T. Smathers 
Tale: First Vice President 

COMMERZBANK      AG,  NEW   YORK AND  GRAND   CAYMAN 
BRANCHES 

By /s/ Patrick Hartweger 
Name: Patrick Hartweger 
     Managing Director 

By /s/ Michael Ravelo 
Name: Michael Ravelo 
Titie: Director 

ICICI BANK LIMITED,   NEW   YORK BRANCH 

By /s/ Akashdeep Sarpal 
Name: Akashdeep Sarpal 
Title: Country Head - USA 

INTESA     SANPAOLO  S.P.A. 

By /s/ Francesco Calcara 
Name:  Francesco Calcara 
Title: Senior Relationship Manager 

By /s/ Francesco Di Mario 
Name: Francesco Di Mario 
Title: Head of Credit 

ARAB   BANIUNG  CORPORATION       (B.S.C.). 

By /s/ Bayo  Gbowu 
Name:  Bayo  Gbowu 
Title: Vice President 

By /s/ Gautier_Strub 
Name:  Gautier Strub 
Title: Vice President 

STANDARD     CHARTERED    BANK 

By /s/ Rodrigo Gonzalez 
Name:  Rodrigo Gonzalez 
Title: Executive Director 

STATE  BANK    OF INDIA, NEW     YORK 

By /5/..kailia.S.2~i 
Name:  Manju  S. Bolakani 
Title: Vice President & Head (Credit) 

WESTPAC   BANKING    CORPORATION 

By /s/ DavidAinthui rson 
Name:  David Arthurson 
Title: Associate Director 

RIYAD  BANK,   HOUSTON    AGENCY 

By /s/ Zvlichael Meiss 
Name:  Michael Meiss 
Title: General Manager 

By /s/ Paul N. Travis 
Name:  Paul N. Travis 
Title: Vice President & Head of Corporate Finance 

STATE STREET  BANK  AND  TRUST  COMPANY 

By /si Mary H. Carey 
Mune: Mary H. Carey 
Title: Vice President 
